England 1868 Look over here! They took a tumble over the cliff! This poor bloke's a goner.

The horses lost balance on the muddied slope and fell here.

This one here appears as a real nobleman.

Even d*ed with a smile.

Dario! The woman inside the carriage passed, but her baby's still alive! She must have passed in its stead.

Leave it! Babies aren't worth a single quid! Dario, what are you doing?! Robbing the dead, woman! Take anything that looks noble! A case? That's an eerie mask.

Toss it.

Woman, lend a hand! Pull their front teeth out and we'll take it to the jawsmith's! They'll fetch for fine coin! S

-Sir Good sir, was it you who salvaged me? You have my gratitude.

Mary Where are my wife and son? How do they fare, good sir? She diâ No, I'm afraid your wife passed, and the driver as well.

However, the baby fares well.

Wrought with woe, I am I am Joestar, good sir.

I shall be indebted to you for our salvation.

Do give your name, before I lapse into slumber once more.

The toff believes me to be his savior! The fool! He shall know me as his savior! Lord Joestar, I am Dario Brando.

Mr.

Brando I shall never forget my debt to you.

Good boy! Father, I'll be off! Watch for carriages, Jojo! Danny, come! Dio! Come to me, son! Dio! Come to my side! What do you want? Medicine? Don't be a ninny! The medicine does nothing for me! Whiskey! Use your quid on the whiskey, not medicine! Jojo, table manners.

Forgive me, Father.

Checkmate.

Take it and shove it up yer arse, laddie! Return my doll to me, now! Come and get it! Come now, Erina! Did yer daddy buy you this doll? He's a damn mountebank, but makes good coin! What do you say we have ourselves a look

-see underneath? Will it look the same as a real lass's? We made her cry! Crybaby, crybaby! Erina's a crybaby! Enough! I'm taking her doll back! What's it to you, chap? Do you know her?! No, but a true gentleman assists any lady in need! You tosser Trying to impress her, are we?! My, this chap's a wee bit on the brittle side.

Pathetic, I say! You failed to impress the lassie! He's the heir to that toff nobleman, George Joestar! I bear the wealthy no grudge, but I do despise them! Don't you dare belittle commoners! Take this! Dio, I don't have much longer.

I just know it.

When I'm gone, send this letter to George Joestar, and go live with him.

The bloke's indebted to me.

Dio, you're a cunning boy! Study under George Joestar, and you'll be the richest gent around! Keep yer wealthy arse inside yer damn estate.

Let's leave.

A

-Are you Please, don't tend to me! Leave me be! I did not exchange blows to earn your gratitude! I strive to be a true gentleman.

True gentlemen defend the honor of any lady in need.

Though I knew prior that I would not emerge the victor, true gentlemen stake their bravery to defend any in need.

One day, I shall emerge as the victor.

You made my mother suffer until the day she passed, you loathsome, deceitful, putrid scum.

You want me to be richest gent around? I will, but not for you.

I shall use anyone and anything I can to meet that end.

Including this nobleman, George Joestar.

Damned pissant! For my sake, I shall be the best.

Jonathan Joestar This bizarre adventure encompasses the lives of two boys whose fates are twisted and intertwined by a mysterious stone mask.

Episode Dio the Destroyer Who is he? Wait, you must be Dio Brando.

Which makes you Jonathan Joestar.

Yes, but everyone calls me "Jojo.

" I hope we can be friends.

Danny! Dio, meet Danny.

He's my loyal friend.

Oh, and don't worry.

Danny never bites.

Wh

-What did you do that for?! He did nothing to you! So, he's the heir to the Joestar Estate.

Indeed, he was born with a silver spoon in his mouth.

If I can break his spirit over time, then taking over as heir to the estate will be What's going on here?! Are you fighting? Apologies, sir.

I reacted instinctively when the dog leapt onto me.

Welcome home, Dio.

Henceforth, you are a part of the Joestar's.

Servants, Dio is the son of the man who saved both Jojo and I.

Treat him as you would Jojo.

Very well, Lord Joestar.

Dio, you may treat this estate as your own.

Lord Joestar, you have my utmost gratitude.

Like yourself, Jojo's mother has passed on.

And both of you are 12 years of age.

Be good to each other.

And Jojo, forgive Dio for kicking Danny.

Okay.

I too would've been shocked if another dog had done the same.

It's water under the bridge.

An apology from Dio would have sufficed, but I want to be good friends with him now that we're living together.

Dio, follow me.

I'll show you to your room.

Yes, sir.

What are you doing? Never touch my things, ever.

Keep your filthy hands off my belongings, you tosser! I was only trying to help

-! I need no help! I'll have a servant carry it.

Listen well, Jojo.

I'm going to be trouble in your life, so let's clear one thing.

I adore being the best! Being number one! And I won't let anyone take that from me! Why would you do that?! I want to be friends! Another thing.

I despise dogs.

Not due to fear, but because their subserviant nature sickens me! So keep your damn mutt away from me.

What are you both doing? Do come up.

Yes sir! From the moment Dio set foot on the Joestar estate, Jojo's joyful life began to diminish into anguish.

Incorrect again, Jojo! Dio's is perfect! He answered all twenty problems correctly! Jojo, you dare strive to be a gentleman, yet you have no table manners! Remove Jojo's tableware.

You are excused from dinner tonight! Until Dio arrived, I've been spoiling you rotten! I am ashamed to have not realized it sooner! Dio has perfect table manners in comparison! Buffoon.

Ladies and gentlemen, up next is Jonathan Joestar! He's grown some brawn recently.

His opponent has been changed.

The newcomer to town and Jojo's new friend, I

-Is that Dio Brando, will be his opponent! Gentlemen, the first to land one clean punch to the face wins.

Box! b*at him, Jojo! In the face! How can he dodge those punches?! I've never seen such swift movements! W

-Why can't I hit him?! Jojo has good control and force in his punches.

No matter I want you to taste the boxing techniques of rookery rogues! Savor it! We have a winner! Jojo loses! But I'm not done with you yet, Jojo.

I'm going follow through this punch, by gouging your eye with my thumb! D

-Dio's incredible! Dio! Dio, your technique's quite refined! How did you b*at Jojo? I simply used a new defensive technique.

I could teach everyone how to use it.

Really? Only if you keep it secret from Jojo.

He's the kind of chap who'd telltale anything.

He is?! I had no idea! Why would you even say something like that?! A man bereft of friends is a social outcast.

But I shall cast Jojo as a leper.

I shall take away everything he possesses.

And when I am favored as the heir, everything he owned shall be mine! Damn Dio I'm miserable.

It's as if he's destroying my life Laddies, let's make haste! Where are you off to? Why don't you come up and join me? Anyone hear the voice of a tosser? Pay it no heed.

He's a telltale who'll tell everyone else.

What did you call me?! Stay there! Who's a telltale?! Let's be off.

You're a telltale, Jojo! You can't keep anything a secret, not from anybody! You stupid git! Come back this instant! When have I ever failed to keep a secret?! Jojo's a telltale! Dio It was Dio! Dio's feeding them lies, and it's spreading like the plague! It's as if Dio's been trying to destroy my reputation from the beginning! Damn you, Dio! Dio! Dio, Dio DIO! Ever since he came, Dio's made my life Hell I need someone to talk to Danny.

Dio could never turn you against me, right? Who could that have been? I could swear I've seen her before My handkerchief! I see! Thank you kindly for the grapes! I'll be here tomorrow as well, so stop by if you can! She left without saying a single word.

Girls like that are such sweethearts.

Romance! It thoroughly engaged Jojo's youthful curiosity.

Neither of them had any friends to say, and Jojo quickly grew attached to his sweetheart.

Her name's Erina Erina Pendleton.

She's cute as a button! Jojo, are you carving out a picture? You're so naughty! Bad Jojo! Good night! Bye! Evenin'.

Might you be Erina? You seem awful friendly with Jojo.

It was k*lling me.

How he could be happy after everything I've done to him? H

-He did it! Daring Dio! He may do all what we would never dare to! I have nothing but admiration for so daring a chap! You haven't kissed Jojo yet, have you? You haven't, have you? How fortunate that your first kiss wasn't with Jojo, but with me, Dio! No matter the method, the result remains relevant.

I was the one who kissed her, not Jojo! Now, she can't bear to face Jojo anymore.

I will see that he never he makes any friends again! D

-Dio! Wh

-What is she doing! What's wrong with her?! She's washing her mouth with muddy water! How could she do that to herself?! There's a creek nearby she could've used! Y

-You bitch! How dare you wash away my kiss in defiance! Curses! I lost my patience to a mere girl! Enough! We leave.

Hello Erina! Erina, wait! She's avoiding me Did something happen? Chaps, Jojo appears indubitably perplexed! Do you want to tell him the reason for Erina's avoidance? No, good sir.

I do not want to see his tears.

Y

-You curs What did you do to Erina?! Dio!!! You will address me by my full name, Jojo! You've gone too far this time! I can tolerate anything you do to me! In fact, I don't care what you do to me! I take it you've heard about my kissing your sweetheart.

And you'd fancy fisticuffs in retaliation, is that it? I will not forgive you for tainting her honor! A man wrought with jealousy is no man! Would you care for another eye

-gouging? You damn buffoon! H

-He's too skilled but if I don't take a stand, I'll be living in fear of his very shadow! Moreover, I must restore Erina's honor I must stand and fight! I'll b*at him into a bloody pulp in a gentlemen's duel.

When Jojo realizes that he cannot defeat me, he will fear me, and I shall teach him so! I shall best him in everything! En garde! Yes! I can taste victory! Y

-You used my kick as an opening to seize my head?! Well then, let me kick you again

-! Dio! How I'll b*at you could until your tears flow! I be struck by this scum! H

-How dare you How dare you How dare you strike me! You're crying You goddamned buffoon! Boys, what's going on?! Father! Boys may have an occasional exchange of fists, but you, Jojo, appear to be as*ault a defenseless Dio! An aspiring gentleman would do no such deed! Y

-You're wrong, Father! Enough, Jojo! Both of you, go to your quarters! I shall discipline you both later! What's this box doing here? Rubbish, I suppose.

Another maid's doing, no doubt.

Wh

-What's that sound? Is that banging?! I

-Is there somebody inside the furnace?! Good heavens! They're being b*rned alive! Erina Damn you, Dio! Your damned kiss forced a wedge between Erina and I! I can't even call out to her! Danny's remains were far too gruesome to have you witness.

Ergo, I had him buried posthaste.

The authorities believe a thief may have trapped Danny in that box during a robbery attempt Dio Lord Dio? I believe Lord Dio is presently at the academy.

Jojo returned to his quarters, and slept for two hours.

Shortly after he awoke, he came to accept Danny's passing, and wept.

I've redeemed my humiliation by disposing of the mutt, but at least I know of Jojo's true strength.

A grave miscalculation on my end.

He quickly learns from his mistakes, and I pride my confidence in excess.

I shall mend this error by learning to control my emotions and demeanor, lest another blunder occur.

Seven years have passed since that duel.

I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..

In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time Seven years have passed! Jonathan Joestar has caught the ball! A most terrifying thought occurred to me just now! You don't care if you lose your fingers, do you?! Doubt me, and we won't be friends! I shall defend my father and the Joestar Estate! Episode A Letter from the Past
Seven years have passed! The year is now 1888.

On this year, London would be terrorized by an unknown serial k*ller dubbed Jack the Ripper whose primary victims consisted of Whitechapel prost*tute.

But this year of terror did not belong to Jack alone.

On this very year, the feud between Jojo and Dio would be rekindled! Once, there were two sh**ting stars descending from Heaven, Sora kobore ochita futatsu no hoshi ga Hikari to yami noãminamo suikomareteyuku flying straight into an ocean of emotion.

hikiauyouni takanaru hamon And from their impact, a ripple of strife exploded! hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, while the other strove for unbound ambition yabou no hate wo mezasu mono ni ikenie wo no matter the cost.

furueru hodo kokoro moetsukiru hodo atsuku The star of the Sun, unwavering, burning with vigor, sono te kara hanate kodou radiates a courageous flame karada minagiru yuuki de engulfing its entire being! mayoi naki kakugo ni gassai wo Both stars ready to collide sono chi no sadame for it's in the blood of all JoJos! A Letter from the Past Episode And a catch! Jonathan Joestar, the star of Hugh Hudson Academy, has caught the ball! Usually, he stands as a silent giant with a stature of 195 centimeters! But now this giant is now bellowing his way towards the goal! This will be his final rugby match before graduation! Can he graduate with a victory?! Joestar's been tackled! But he stands stout! He takes two more tackles! Joestar's being held down by all three! Incredible! Joestar continues to the goal as the three struggle to hold him down! With brawn and bollocks, he's an unstoppable steam

-locomotive! We have a fourth tackle! Joestar's starting to sag! It's a pass and catch! The catcher is Dio! Dio Brando, the pride of Hugh Hudson Academy, has the ball! Can he slip through?! A slip! Another slip! He's done it! A one

-man sprint to the goal! My, how graceful he sprints! It's a Try! He's done it! Hugh Hudson Academy has won the final game of the graduating class! Jojo and Dio made a brilliant pair! Perfect synchronization! We did it, Jojo! Your one

-man sprint was marvelous, Dio! Thank you, but I couldn't have done it without you! Dio Brando will graduate with the highest marks in Common Law.

Jonathan Joestar, however, will graduate with an outstanding thesis in Archaeology! We couldn't have won this game without either of them! They're both stars of Hugh Hudson Academy! Jojo, we should hurry home and tell Father about our victory.

Indeed.

How long has it been since Dio started addressing my father as "Father," and not "Lord Joestar?" We may seem like a pair of chums, but our friendship feels strangely superficial.

Why is it? He can be very pleasant, but I feel nothing but mistrust for him.

Even after seven years! Dio, could you comment on your chumship with Jojo for the school paper? Our friendship? The words escape me.

Please Dio.

We'd love to hear about it too.

Very well "Friendship?" You sods can take those pens and shove them up yer arses! I'll graduate soon.

I no longer require the aid of George Joestar.

I've bode this seven

-year farce with Jojo long enough.

Succession is nearly at hand! I will inherit the Joestar Estate.

I am now of the age when I may legally receive any inheritance! Father, how do you fare? I fare well, my son.

Though, this confounded cough won't cease.

A doctor recommended I admit myself to a hospital.

A hospital? On the contrary, Father.

The greedy doctor must know that hospitals are environmental reservoirs.

I declined the suggestion myself.

I feel most comfortable within my estate.

The pain in my chest and swelling in my digits have gone as well.

I feel at ease.

Father only had a case of the common cold.

Why were his chest and digits affected too? Also, Dio and Jojo, congratulations on your victory.

You knew? A friend from the university paid me a visit earlier.

How could they spoil it? We hurried home to surprise you with the news as well.

I am overjoyed, boys.

I'm very proud of you both, my talented boys.

I heard about your dashing sprint as well, Dio.

Once you've graduated, you may pursue what you may.

If you need monetary assistance, my son, then you shall have it.

I am utterly indebted to you for my upbringing, among other things.

I shall not disappoint you.

I'm the only one who knows of blood's effect on this mask.

I wonder what use its creator intended for, when contacted with blood? Nevertheless, I am attached to this mask.

It belonged to my dear mother.

Perhaps this stone mask will become a grand phenomenon after I unravel its mysteries and publish everything I know about it? Drat! Lord Dio, you don't always have to do this Please.

My apologies, but these old legs just can't handle the old staircase anymore.

A most terrifying thought occurred to me just now! Dio Dio is! Dio! Where is the original prescription? It's on this tray.

Do you always take medicine to Father, instead of the butler? As a matter of fact, I do.

Moments ago, I came upon the letter your father wrote to mine.

It follows: "I am ill and bedridden.

"I'll be passing soon.

"I just know I will "I know not this sickness, "but my chest hurts, my fingers swell, and I cough without end.

" My father's symptoms match your father's! Explain yourself, Dio! What are you insinuating? I shall examine that prescription! Jojo, examining that means you'll be doubting our friendship.

Doubt me, and we won't be chums! His glare made me avert my eyes! I may have suspicions, but I'm not certain that he even is the culprit! Jojo return the prescription to the tray.

Do that, I will forget that you ever doubted our friendship.

Dio! On Dario Brando's honor, swear a gentleman's word of your innocence! This, alone, will suffice! Swear on your father's honor, and I will return this to the tray and apologize for ever doubting you! If my suspicions are proper, Dio's pride won't allow him to lower himself so! Dio! A gentleman's word, now! A

-A word, is it? You want me to swear on his honor?! You know nothing! That pissant never had a shred of honor about him! Dio, now I'm convinced that you're the culprit.

Your hatred and spite for your father are profound.

Indeed, I know nothing of your relationship with Dario Brando, but I do know that you m*rder him! I shall defend my father and the Joestar Estate! Y

-You're trying to k*ll me? Dio, your seven

-year scheme is evident to me! No longer shall you flout of an imaginary friendship between us! No longer shall you approach my father! I shall conduct an analysis of this poison and see that you are thrown into Newgate, or worse! Curses I was only centimeters away from the inheritance! Was finding that letter just a sick coincidence? No! I won't have my ambition halted by that sod! Yer mum's dress will fetch for fine coin! My mother suffered until her death.

The very thought of being that pissant's son sends me bedlam! Whiskey! Whiskey, now! But now, there's no turning back! Father, I'll be away in London for two or three days.

Until I return, I ask that you seek care from these doctors, and no others.

Have you no faith in our services, Lord Jojo? He does.

But I ask you to trust Jojo.

Though I know not of his reasons, my son has my trust as well.

F

-Father His symptoms have worsened.

I need an antidote.

Jojo will take three days to return with any evidence of that poison.

I'll need him dead before he returns.

And what better way than to make it appear accidental? Seven years ago, my blood coaxed spines from this mask.

If these spines were embedded into his skull, it'd be fatal.

With Jojo, it'd become an "experiment gone awry.

" The authorities wouldn't suspect my hand in his death! Jojo, your research will be your undoing! I couldn't distinguish the poison's components, not even in a university laboratory.

It must have come from the Orient.

The rookery Good sir, the only street around here is "Ogre Street," the most foul and violent street in all of London.

I am aware.

Nevertheless, I seek a resident of this street.

You may leave.

Dio once lived in London, and the only rookery one may acquire oriental medicine is Ogre Street! Once I locate the proprietor, I shall attain the antidote and evidence I require! Another dead end By George! That cat was eating a pup! Tatty, lead the way! Aye! Flay that toff's skin off, and we'll tan it into a hide! "Ogre Street," indeed.

I see three foul ogres already.

Blimey, is this toff thick?! He's got my blade in his hand! But if I pull back on me blade, you'll lose yer fingers! Then pull! You pull, and my Log Legs will crush your crotch! I'll do a son's duty, even if I lose my fingers! I will fight to defend my father and estate! My cause is not akin to the greed of you rogues! Chinaman! Answer me this.

Where can I find an oriental apothecary? You sod! You don't care if you lose yer fingers, aye?! Aye?! Then you'd best mean everything you say, my toff chum! Here I come! Throw anything you want! I shall overcome any and all obstacles! Yer a naive little toff who's never been in a real tussle! Yer head's not the only vital part of the body! I heard my bowler hat strike bone! I couldn't get yer body 'cause of that Kn*fe, but I still did you a lot of damage! Wh

-What a kick! H

-He really doesn't care if he loses more than his fingers! He doesn't falter neither to fear or pain! I shouldn't have tussled with this toff Not with any as solid as this sod! What? Jojo ventured into Ogre Street, alone? I tried to persuade him not to go Keep this to yourself, and especially from Lord Joestar.

I suppose I won't need the mask now Jojo is already a dead man.

The buffoon C

-Cease! I, Speedwagon, shall allow none to harm this gentleman! "Gentleman?" You answer me this! Why didn't you use yer full strength? Yer Log Legs could've smote me to smithereens! As I ventured here for the sake of my father, I withheld my strength when I thought of your own families.

I desire not to be cursed by another father as a m*rder! He is a thick toff! Never have I seen so foolish and naive a sod as he! Still He hasn't dealt a mortal blow to them.

This sod has the mouth and mind of a true gentleman! I'm intrigued! Let me have yer name.

It's Jonathan Joestar.

Very good, Jonathan Joestar! You're searching for an oriental apothecary, aye? Be wary of him! He's a sneaky bugger! It's been three days and Lord Jojo hasn't returned.

He'll return when his business is finished.

He may not have been alike Lord Dio in youth, but he has become a fine man.

On that note, I was much stricter with him.

Three days have passed.

Jojo better be dead! Perhaps he survived and found him Why am I drowning myself in whiskey?! How could I practice the pastime of that pissant?! Dammit all! Watch it! Get off the street, you drunk sod! Chumsford, tell me, did that little sod get sh*t on my coat? Did ya hear the gent, you little sod?! My mouth! You dirty cur! You hurt my chum, you did! My, my Swine akin to my putrid pissant of a father dare to talk back to one as noble as myself?! Very well! I believe I'll make you adorn this before Jojo! Speak English, you g*dd*mn sod! You're my guinea pig! Wh

-What is this incandescence?! Was there light, or was that the whiskey? He's dead.

How monotonous.

The damn mask is just a t*rture device! It couldn't be He's alive! What's wrong with his face?! Fangs?! H

-He sent me flying?! He's still coming How can he not be in pain from that slash?! A minor flesh wound, but my collarbone is broken! I must swim away! Thirsty Won't you be a good lad, and quench my thirst? He's sucking my blood! His face! I now know the true function of the stone mask! B

-But! Goddammit! The last thing I'll live to see is that blasted sun! I

-It was the sunlight Servants! Why are the lights not lit?! Jojo?! I have you now, Dio! I have evidence of your fiendish plot! I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..

In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time Jojo, won't you hear my plea? My final plea.

I can smell it on him! He reeks of shitter, he does! I shall cease to be human, Jojo! Dio! Episode Dio's Youth
I have you now, Dio! I have evidence of your fiendish plot! Jojo thinks he has me cornered But I won't concede! I've returned to end our feud! Once, there were two sh**ting stars descending from Heaven, Sora kobore ochita futatsu no hoshi ga flying straight into an ocean of emotion.

Hikari to yami noãminamo suikomareteyuku hikiauyouni takanaru hamon And from their impact, a ripple of strife exploded! One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo while the other strove for unbound ambition yabou no hate wo mezasu mono ni no matter the cost.

ikenie wo The star of the Sun, unwavering, burning with vigor, furueru hodo kokoro moetsukiru hodo atsuku radiates a courageous flame sono te kara hanate kodou engulfing its entire being! karada minagiru yuuki de Both stars ready to collide mayoi naki kakugo ni gassai wo sono chi no sadame for it's in the blood of all JoJos! Episode A Youth with Dio I've attained the antidote and had it administered to my father.

Dio I am wrought by grief, my brother, that I must now have you placed into the custody of Scotland Yard.

I grieve for you.

Dio I truly grieve for you, for these turn of events, for everything.

You're a true gentleman, always have been.

Jojo, won't you hear my plea? My final plea.

Won't you allow me a respite? I shall surrender myself in good time! My word I believed he would've lashed out in anger instead of pleading! Jojo you actually returned alive from that rookery! I'm at my wit's end Ease for a moment, and I shall behead you! I regret everything! Every single thing! My petty ambition for riches festered like a disease from my poor upbringing! I know I've done wrong! I shouldn't have poisoned your father over the inheritance! I've returned to surrender myself, Jojo! Were I to have fled, I would've done so without facing your judgment! I

-Indeed I wish to face justice Dio That's close enough, Mr.

Joestar.

I've never heard a fibber as grand as this bloke.

Where are my manners? Allow me to introduce myself.

The name's Speedwagon, Speedwagon the Sneak.

Out of concern, I accompanied Mr.

Joestar back from Ogre Street.

Mr.

Joestar, yer a naive and merciful gent, so allow me a sneak.

I was bred in the rookery, and smelled me fair share of cheats and churls, so I know me stenches of scoundrels and stinkers real well, see.

This sod's a real stinker! He reeks of a shitter, he does! Never before have I heard a sod spew as much sh*t as he! He blames his daddy for a poor rearing, aye? Nay, I say! The cur was born a stinker! Stinker, tell me, does this bugger's face ring any bells?! The apothecary acknowledges to have sold you poison.

I heard everything.

My ears are aflame, Dio.

I had intended nothing but affection toward you, as I had Jojo.

Father, you have not fully recovered yet Aye I shall return to my chambers.

I wish not to witness the apprehension of my son.

Jojo, do what must be done.

Yes sir.

I suppose this really is the end of the line The boy shan't be taken with ease.

He possesses the mark of the Three Star Gods and a face of ambition The boy was born blessed with grand fortune.

Jojo Won't you be the one to cuff me? My brief brother of seven years Very well.

Mr.

Joestar, be careful Jojo, the apex of human potential is so limited If there's one thing I've learned in my life of 19 years, it's that the grander a human scheme is, the simpler it is for unforeseen factors to thwart.

Therefore, I shall become grander than a human.

What do you refer to? Speak sense! I shall cease to be human, Jojo! I shall transcend all of humanity Why do you have the stone mask?! Mr.

Joestar! Constables, open fire! with your blood, Jojo! N

-No Father!!! Open fire! Jojo F

-Father I could've avoided the thrust, but I was taken aback by my mother's memento And you took his thrust for me Take this ring It was your mother's No, Father! The Kn*fe hit an organ! Dammit all! How could I have let this happen?! Lord Joestar should've heed my words from years ago! His death is my doing! I should've sent Dio's father to a penal colony, regardless! His father?! Shortly after I joined Scotland Yard, I was tasked with the case of a man attempting to sell that very ring to a pawnbroker! That man was Dario Brando, Dio Brando's father! This is my wedding ring My wife and I had a pair made for betrothal We apprehended the thief, Brando, before he could sell it.

Brando?! Dario Brando was Lord Joestar's savior.

But the scoundrel didn't save him! He merely happened upon Lord Joestar's carriage, and stole what he could! I

-It's him! Did Mr.

Brando tell you that I gave him the ring? Indeed, he did! And what a fib it was! No, Constable, he spoke the truth.

I gave him the ring.

I

-I beg your pardon?! He is an innocent.

Do see to his release.

But why, sir?! Why would you say that?! Because Constable, had I been born into poverty, I may have done the same.

Use the profits from this ring to support your family.

Forgo your petty crimes, and become a man of good.

Lord Joestar still adopted Dio, knowing of his father's deceit! Father Look at me.

The doctors will be here soon Jojo Bear no ill

-will towards Dio.

His upbringing is my failure.

Though I was much stricter with you after his arrival, he may have felt my extra attention towards you was unfair to him.

His personality and actions may've been a result of my neglect Son, have him buried next to Dario Brando.

Father Jojo, I am at ease Passing in my son's embrace is all and well Lord Joestar! His mercy was his undoing! This mayn't be so! We've lost a true gentleman! Nay, Constable! The soul of Lord Joestar lives on in his son, Jonathan Joestar! The will, body, and soul of a true gentleman shall exist for posterity! I begrudge the pansy penchant for tears, but I willingly shed mine for the Joestars.

The pair of naÃ¯ve, but merciful toffs be true gentlemen! T

-T

- The body! Dio Brando's body is gone! Constable, get away from that window! Wryyy H

-He removed the constable's head! H

-How is he breathing?! How is he still alive?! Impossible! We littered him with lead, we did! Careful, lads! He may have a w*apon or two! C

-Could it have been H

-He's approaching us! Then what are you bobbies waiting for?! Blast the bloke to bits! Dio, halt! D

-Dio! Jojo, sh**t him! sh**t him, now! H

-How is he alive?! He took a b*llet to the brain, too! I'm at an utter loss for words proper of this predicament which we're placed! By George Jojo Behold! This is the magnificence and splendor I've attained from the stone mask and your father's blood! Wryyy You intake blood, the very essence of humans?! What form of malignant maleficence have you become?! M

-My brain's abuzz with bits and pieces! The Kn*fe drew my father's blood.

Dio, wearing the stone mask, had his brain pierced, and awakened bizarre powers means Dio's no longer human?! Wryyy Father D

-Don't fight him! Yer no match for him! Nobody can b*at that monster! He's got more strength than any strongman I've seen! I know.

I fear his strength as well! But Dio, no longer shall I allow your terror to spread! I take it upon myself to send you to Hell! Mr.

Joestar, no! You'll be torn asunder! The brain! The stone mask's spines unlock the brain's hidden potential! Therefore, the only chance of victory lies with the brain! Blood! The corpse moves! Warm, moist blood Let me lick it up! Lad, let me suck you dry! Though he was not human, death leaves me faint! Father, strengthen my heart to deal merciful blows! Be stouthearted! Deliver Dio a merciful blow for he is no longer human! He descends! Dio, I shall not allow you to slaughter anymore innocents! H

-He caught the spear in his own bloody hand! Well I'll be blowed, the hole in his head closed up! He's undying! He can't be k*lled! How shoddy a spear! Jojo! Won't you be good and remain my playmate a while longer? I know not of the other magnificent feats I may perform Hiding, are we? Forgotten my words, already? "The grander a human scheme is, the simpler it is for unforeseen factors to thwart.

" Be a good chum and come out of hiding from there! I scheme with nothing, but courage! His skin heals even when aflame! The bloke's impervious to any wound! The flames won't k*ll him! A

-Are you daft?! Skedaddle, Speedwagon! I don't want to see another innocent harmed! Don't climb upwards! The flames are spreading too fast! What in God's good name are you thinking, Mr.

Joestar?! Come join me, Dio! Dio! I cannot allow you to unleash havoc unto the world! Mr.

Joestar, you mustn't! You beckon your own death to spare your new chum's life? Very well.

I shall mend these scalds with your blood.

It's no use, Jojo! As if I would be harmed by such a small drop! You, however, would be dealt a mortal blow from this height! Father Rest in peace.

The flames shall carry your ashes to Heaven.

And For the sake of avenging your memory, may your spirit fuel these flames evermore! Mr.

Joestar, what are you He wouldn't! He shouldn't! Mr.

Joestar, don't do it! H

-He's here! Wryyyyyyyyy! The shoddy spear again?! At that instant, Jojo's youth flashed before his very eyes! My youth was a youth with Dio! I shall end the feud we started in our youth! Mr.

Joestar wants the flames to spread He wants the heat to incinerate Dio! If Dio's healing can't withstand the intensity of the flames, he might bite the dust! That's why Mr.

Joestar continued his climb to the roof! Don't do it, Mr.

Joestar!!! Y

-You buffoon! A Lover's Leap, is it?! The Joestar estate, which housed my forefathers, burns this night My father has passed as well I've nothing left to lose to the world except my life, the last Joestar! Dio, I shall burn to cinder, and in return, your powers shall be rendered useless! Farewell, Jojo! Though brief as it was, your Lover's Leap tactic had me shivering.

You may burn alongside your father! Shed your tears while you still can, you buffoon! I have surpassed all human life! As immortal and undying, I am a god amongst all! And I have you to thank, Jojo! I require length! Dio! I've come back for you! Wh

-What?! You cur! You won't escape me! Dio, your life shall be extinguished with this Kn*fe! The very Kn*fe you stabbed my father with!!! Wryyyyyyyyyy! I shattered the bones in both his arms, and though we're both set aflame, he continues to cling tight! Very well! Let us fall into the inferno, together! Though Jojo, you'd die a lonesome death, for no matter the intensity of flame, I may retain a feat to escape such predicaments! Father! Grant me the strength to k*ll him! Jojo lets out a cry for help! Did his father's spirit answer his cry? Or, did Jojo instinctively use the wall of the Joestar estate for his next action? He kicks out! And the trajectory of that kick sends them I

-Impossible! on top of the Joestar Estate's guardian, the Statue of Love! Damn you, Jojo! Damn you to Hell! I

-I had forgotten about the duel we had as children! His true strength! Jojo!!! I was supposed best you in everything Mr.

Joestar! Father He's alive! The mad sod's alive! The true gentleman prevails! I've found it.

Next Time To know courage is to have known fear! This bloke's more sadistic and bizarre than Dio! Despair for me, you maggots! With whom do I appear similar? Please teach me the way of the Ripple! Episode OVERDRIVE
Mr.

Joestar defeated Dio.

But in doing so, he lost everything.

He's been holed up in this hospital for past three days since.

Mr.

Joestar is all by his lonesome! If I could enhearten him in an embrace, I would! An embrace to enliven his life! Sora kobore ochita futatsu no hoshi ga Once, two sh**ting stars descended from Heaven Hikari to yami noãminamo suikomareteyuku and flew straight into an ocean of emotion.

hikiauyouni takanaru hamon From their impact, a ripple of strife exploded! hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, yabou no hate wo mezasu mono ni while the other strove for unbound ambition ikenie wo no matter the cost.

The star of the Sun, unwavering, burning with vigor, furueru hodo kokoro moetsukiru hodo atsuku sono te kara hanate kodou radiates a courageous flame karada minagiru yuuki de engulfing its entire being! mayoi naki kakugo ni gassai wo Both stars ready to collide For it's in the blood of all JoJos! sono chi no sadame jojo Episode Overdrive A chum! Mr.

Joestar needs a good chum by his side! Why the devil is Mr.

Joestar's ward lit, so late in the eve? A

-A matron? Who is she? Why does she nurse him so late in the eve? Her fingers! They're swollen like grapes! She must've squeezed the towel a thousand times to make her fingers swell so! Thank God He's awake! Your body temperature has receded greatly.

You'll make a full recovery.

You tended to my wounds? Could you be Is it really you?! Such striking similarity You couldn't be her.

She wouldn't see me.

And yet, you appear so similar With whom do I appear similar? Erina Pendleton, perhaps? It's been quite some time, Jonathan Joestar.

Jojo.

Erina, you've grown so much! Not as much as yourself, Jojo.

Oh, Jojo Time really passed us by.

Indeed.

Mr.

Joestar won't need me chumship tonight.

I shall visit again.

Speedwagon serenely skedaddles.

I

-I'm just a little dizzy What have I done?! I've added pressure onto your fractured arm! Yours, I would gladly bear.

I suppose God intended for things to turn out this way.

London 

- Whitechapel District I shall dispatch you pigs of depravity! Most humans desire to satiate their own morals with good deeds for fear that depravity may lead to Hell.

Though, few humans share a distinct disdain for morals.

Archvillains.

You have my intrigue, Jack the Ripper.

I shall have you as a loyal servant.

I shall grant unto you a most succulent power and you shall know an ecstasy like none other.

You shall become immortal.

Only Speedwagon and I survived the strife of that night.

Though Scotland Yard concedes their constables' deaths accidental the whereabouts of the stone mask concerns me.

Regardless of the rubble removed, it remains elusive.

I can only pray that it's been broken to bits Let it be so, and I may move on.

Jojo.

Erina.

Who might that be? Why does he follow us? Does something trouble you? No It's nothing

- Saluti, Signor Jonathan Joestar, and Signora Erina Pendleton.

W

-Who are you?! You did well to survive your encounter with one afflicted by the stone mask! Jojo! Good, now exhale and purge every ounce of oxygen from your lungs! Jojo! How could you harm an injured man?! Harmed him I have not, though he won't breathe briefly.

C

-Come again?! Wh

-What manner of sorcery is this?! M

-My arm! I am Barone Zeppeli.

Courage, alone, cannot defeat the power of the stone mask.

My fractured arm is completely healed?! I can even heave such heft! How can that be?! Wh

-What did you do?! Please good sir, who are you?! Jojo, one question at a time, capisci? I did nothing.

Your very breathing healed your fractured arm.

Why would you help me?! How do you know my nickname?! H

-He's gone?! Jojo, one question at a time.

I think it'd be better if I showed you instead.

Follow me.

Once you see, once you know, then you'll understand why I'm here.

I thrust my pinky into your diaphragm in order to control your breathing.

Control my breathing? Allow me to demonstrate the effect.

Wh

-What are you doing? Wh

-What are those?! The ripples resonate in unison?! That's absolutely unnatural! This energy is the very energy with which your arm was healed! Not the frog! T

-The frog remains unscathed! This is the Art of Mystics.

M

-Mystics? The Ripple derives from the Art of Mystics.

I used the frog's body as a medium to channel Ripple energy, splitting the rock beneath.

Jojo! I know the stone mask has yet to be destroyed! Dio Brando possesses the stone mask! What did you say?! Did you say that "Dio" has the stone mask?! Indeed! I've sought the stone mask for decades! I shall see to it that all who wear the stone mask share its fate in death! Your life is bound to the destruction of the stone mask! You must learn the Art of Mystics, or face certain death! You, and all of humanity! I

-Impossible Jojo, what does he mean? What is he talking about? Erina I mustn't involve her in this matter.

Not again, not ever again.

B

-Blossoms?! B

-Blooming, now?! I

-Incredible! Ripple energy remaining from his arm rejuvinated the blossoms of that withered tree! This boy possesses innate strength and profound potential He may be the very savior we need! Noooo!! I can feel my powers returning with every meal.

I recall a trophic principle in this regard Farmed swine graze, only to be consumed by humans.

However, we farm humans for our own consumption.

As top predators, we are gods amongst humanity.

Jack, you may dine.

We shall accumulate men of true depravity and conquer the world of man.

I shall rule almighty over the world, as a God amongst men! One Week Later For the past week, I've been learning to control Ripple energy from this enigmatic Italian, Barone Zeppeli, who agreed to help me defeat Dio.

His motivation? Jojo, let me share my motivation for pursuing the stone mask.

When I, Will A.

Zeppeli, encountered the stone mask, I was young, curious, and voyaging in pursuit of the unknown.

I joined my father's archaelogical exploration vessel and sailed around the world in search of artifacts.

That all changed when we reached the ancient Aztec ruins.

Is that when Yes.

And it was me, of all people, who unearthed the damned relic.

During our return voyage to Italy, someone, for some reason, wore the stone mask, and coaxed the spines into his skull.

A lust for blood consumed him, and he strode through the vessel, leaving naught but the dismembered bodies of the crew in his wake.

He slaughtered all 58 of the crew, his own friends.

I leapt into the ocean to escape him, and he swam after me as well! Wryyyyy! As dawn broke over the horizon I saw the face of the man responsible for the carnage.

It was The captain of the exploration vessel, my own father.

The vessel was carried away by the waves, with the stone mask still aboard.

I felt guilt.

Overwhelming guilt for any incident to follow the one that cost me my father.

I felt responsible, and required a means to destroy the stone mask It was soon after that I acquired the Art of Mystics.

Ripple energy is born from the bloodstream of humans, as opposed to the stone mask, which sucks up that essence.

The undead feed off the blood of the living, for the blood is the Ripple energy! By George! So the only way to upset the balance of blood is Yes! Vampires shall succumb to Ripple energy their bodies cannot sustain! And the Art of Mystics, from which the Ripple derives power, hails from the radiant light of the sun! Barone Zeppeli, please teach me the Art of Mystics! I shall overcome any obstacle you present me! Had you been unwilling, I would have forced you to learn, regardless.

Dio desires to be a God amongst men, and you're his greatest obstacle to that end.

Listen well.

Blood is involved in respiration.

In respiration, blood carries oxygen from your lungs, and that oxygen is then diffused into somatic cells.

Your somatic cells make up your body.

In short, if you can channel a ripple over water, you can also channel a ripple into the human body through respiration, thus, channeling Ripple energy! His fist extended a great length! But how did he do it?! That was my Zoom Punch.

I dislocated my shoulder to lengthen my reach.

The subsequent pain may be dampened by channeling Ripple energy.

But Jojo, you need to control your respiration to control Ripple energy.

Keep in mind, Ripple energy is extremely sensitive to emotions.

Sir! Hey! Mr.

Joestar! Speedwagon! We're going to Wind Knight's Road? Aye, and one of me blokes said he spotted Dio there.

He says that most of the villagers have disappeared, too.

We have little time to spare with training.

Jojo, you'll have to master Ripple respiration in combat.

Sir! I am ready and prepared to duel! As am I! There's the tunnel to Wind Knight's Road! Let us resolve all business before the sun sets.

I left Erina behind, without saying a word.

But I shall return to you, my love! What happened? Coachman! Why cease the coach?! Be careful! We're cut off from sunlight! Coachman Did Dio do this? I didn't see anyone else near us Boys, get away from those horses.

Wh

-What in Hell's name is he?! He came out of the horse's corpse! Mr.

Joestar, that loony's a lunatic! The bugger's battier and more bizarre than Dio! Dio has created more undead allies, has he?! Boys, do step away.

I shall fight him.

We have a zombie here.

Devouring the flesh of the living granted him immortality and strength.

But in return, he was made a servant to Dio.

He is a puppet to Dio's desires.

I shall grant ye gents a grisly grave I desire faces of despair that I may gaze upon as I gouge your guts and bathe in your blood! Sing your ditties of despair for me, maggots! What will he do first? If I were him Listen to what I'm trying to teach you, Jojo.

Lesson one.

Imagine yourself as the foe in order to anticipate their next move.

If I were him, sealing the path to sunlight would be my first prerogative.

He cast the coach to crush the ceiling?! Speed, Speedwagon! Watch him! H

-He has scalpels protruding from him! S

-So that's how he skewered the horses! Ripple Ripper! My Ripple Rippers are sharper than scalpels.

Jojo, here's lesson two.

Do you know what a "flea" looks like? It's awful microscopic.

It does seek to pester humans quite often, si? May we label the nature of such actions as "courageous?" I don't believe they understand the concept.

Then what is "courage?" To know courage is to have known fear! One gains courage the moment they overcome fear! Fear destabilizes Ripple respiration! Were a man to conquer his fears, they would have undeterred respiration! Ripple respiration is born from courage! The Hymn of Humanity is the Concerto of Courage! The High of Humanity is the Cheer of Courage! No matter the durability of zombies, they are alike a flea and know naught of courage! Mystic Wave Kick! Ripple energy damages and decomposes the flesh of corpses.

It's like magic! He hasn't spilled a drop, neither! Jojo, complete your training.

Destroy the creature's brain with Ripple energy.

It's the only way to k*ll these vampires.

You confounded curs! I shall devour you! I shall dice you into dabs and dots! Are we pursuing the bloke?! Of course.

But only Jojo shall pursue him.

Jojo.

k*ll the creature without spilling a drop of wine.

Jojo, here's lesson three.

They have a saying up in Norway.

"It was the great north winds that made the Vikings.

" I'm warning you, do not spill even a single drop.

Spill one drop, and I will leave your company even if you k*ll him! Godfather, are you going gaumless on us?! Silenzio, Speedwagon! Very well! "It was the great north winds that made the Vikings," aye? It's a maze in here The limited light is ineffective for searching him out in this darkness W

-Wait, wouldn't this serve as a beacon?! I'll do away with the torch so he won't see the flame.

But I'm blind as a bat now! He could be anywhere! I smell it, I do The scent of his warm blood Lesson One: What would I do if I were him? Stalk my target.

Lesson Two: Conquer your fears, and courage will stabilize respiration.

Closer I'll bite into your neck and pull out your throat with me teeth! The frigid winds of the north bore Vikings with strengthened souls and hardened hearts.

It's a trial they must overcome with cunning, otherwise they freeze to death.

But will the wine evoke a Viking from Jojo? Jojo can't defeat Dio unless he passes this trial.

I

-It's a ripple! So this is the great north wind! It detects his Ripple I can feel it from the glass, to my arm, through my body, and onto the floor! I can feel his lifeforce! This wine acts as a Ripple detector! My heart, resolute! My body, ablaze! I have you now, Vampire

-zombie! I shall channel a ripple through the wall! Mystic Ripple Overdrive! Hurry up! I'll suck you dry! Jojo used the wine to detect him.

My boy, we have ourselves a Viking! I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..

In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time At last, we meet! I curse thine Tudors to follow! Can we survive this night?! I shall duel thee to the death! Dio, I shall annihilate your ambition! Episode The Knights of Night
The township of Wind Knight's Road is isolated by callous cliffs overlooking the ocean.

Wind Knight's Road was constructed in the Middle Ages to hone the knacks of knights.

In the 19th Century, the existing fortress

- esque architecture was used as a prison, where prisoners were sentenced to mine for coal.

The villagers, consisting of farmers and fishermen, brought the total population count, including resident inmates, to 517.

But now, the village of Wind Knight's Road shall perish! Sora kobore ochita futatsu no hoshi ga Once, two sh**ting stars descended from Heaven Hikari to yami noãminamo suikomareteyuku and flew straight into an ocean of emotion.

From their impact, a ripple of strife exploded! hikiauyouni takanaru hamon hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, yabou no hate wo mezasu mono ni while the other strove for unbound ambition ikenie wo no matter the cost.

furueru hodo kokoro moetsukiru hodo atsuku The star of the Sun, unwavering, burning with vigor, radiates a courageous flame sono te kara hanate kodou karada minagiru yuuki de engulfing its entire being! mayoi naki kakugo ni gassai wo Both stars ready to collide sono chi no sadame jojo For it's in the blood of all JoJos! The Knights of Night Episode The villagers are going about their own business.

Thus far, everything seems commonplace.

Nevertheless, Dio has to be here! What's the matter? W

-Well Signore Speedwagon was begging me to confirm his Ripple aptitude, and so I attempted to strike his diaphragm but I unintentionally struck his stomach instead.

Mi dispiace.

Sorry, Signore Speedwagon.

You're an arse Barone Zeppeli, he's just a child.

The boy's a bag

-snatcher, si? Clever boy's a real sling n' snatch.

Why're you two cheering fer the chap?! The little cur has all of our quid! He's running off! Aye, the boy's a real runner.

Well then, I suppose I'll have him work for the money, and act as our guide.

H

-He can walk on water?! Jojo, if your foot's still in the water, then you haven't stored enough Ripple energy for practical use! That was music to my ears, Jojo.

You did channel Ripple energy through the cliff.

Should I channel another one from here, or elsewhere? I would move two meters to the left.

And I stake two pounds on that.

Jumping Jehoshaphat! Catch of the day.

Wh

-What the Wait.

Who are you men? His responses are rather peculiar.

Did the Ripple hurt his head? No, it isn't just the boy's responses that are peculiar Look where we stand.

Is this a graveyard?! It seems that we became the catch of the day, the moment we set foot here.

The boy was bewitched to lure us here.

Mr.

Joestar, look above! The sun has set this day and your lives shall end this night! Dio! Th

-The dead rise! I

-I was prepared to see that dastardly devil again! But the sight of that shitter makes me sick! His very stench makes me sweat! How he stands stout and sturdy is nothing short of supernatural! He repaid the affection of Lord Joestar with a Kn*fe to his back! I shall I shall see to his death! So he is Dio.

He understands the limitations of immortality under sunlight.

For this, he bewitched the boy and had him stall us until sundown.

The cunning of this culo makes me cringe.

We must see that his death remains permanent! These are zombified knights! Lad, what is your name? P

-Poco! Listen, Poco.

Be a good lad and grab onto my back! Follow me, Jojo! Aye! Zoom Punch! Awesome! Dio Brando Though I know nothing about you, I know your bizarre powers came from the stone mask, and I say to it At last, we meet again! Hey stronza! Are you going to fight me from that boulder?! Come down and dance with me! I've no need to dance with an insect! I am God over all other life forms.

My race shall devour and displace all of mankind! As a God, why would I descend to the footing of men?! He radiates a most sinister aura from his being! He demented demeanor is fashioned as that of a tyrant's! After my abdominal injury is healed, all trace of Jojo's humiliation shall be erased! Ascend to me, sorcerer! I shall use your meager life to mend the last of my scars! You vicious vampire! How many innocents did you k*ll to heal those wounds?! Can you recall every loaf of bread you've had in your life? Dio!!! Barone?! I will k*ll him.

I shall channel a Ripple through him! Pulsate unto my palm, Ripple of sunlight! Sunlight Yellow Overdrive! He's done it! The Ripple's been channeled through Dio's arm! My, how brittle you are! H

-He's freezing my hand?! Impossible! Barone Zeppeli, si? I understand your "energy" originates from the bloodstream.

Then theoretically, your energy flow ceases if pathways are frozen! Did you know that I may manipulate my own body temperature? I merely vaporized the moisture of the energy you channeled.

When moisture is vaporized, heat dissipates.

Ultimately, physical contact leads to freezing! And now, my idiotic Italian, I shall smash through your brittle arm until I shatter your skull! Dio, I shall annihilate your ambition! I can feel the evil energy surging through your bloodstream! I do enjoy being evil, thank you very much.

But if I may, I am in awe that you managed to catch my clutch! You have my compliments.

Jojo! But Jojo, I wouldn't hold my hand as dearly as you do now.

Die, Dio! Wryyyyyy! Once your hand is frozen, blood won't flow through it! Ergo, your "Ripple energy" cannot be channeled through your hand! H

-He's too powerful! He possesses five times the blood of Jojo and me combined! Jojo's hand shall be frozen as mine, unless he unhands Dio! He mustn't be harmed so early into the battle! Barone! H

-How can this be?! My hand's as cold as ice! It looks like frostbite, even! Though the texture feels akin to touching a frozen metal, my skin peels with ease! Barone Zeppeli's arm has gone cold! It'll rot without running blood! Dio won't die unless we can channel a Ripple under sunlight! How can we k*ll him?! I tire of all this "ripple" nonsense.

If you won't end this battle Th

-The bedrock breaks! then I shall have these two ensure a victory worthy of fanfare! Tarkus! Bruford the Black! I've no need to fight these insects.

Come forth, and have their fanfare of screams ring true alike trumpets! Wh

-Who are these blokes?! Poco, hide! In the 16th Century, they were ex*cuted by Elizabeth I of England.

O loyal knights to Mary I of Scotland, Tarkus and Bruford, dispose of them.

I leave ye both to stamp out the lives of these insects.

Do as ye desire.

The big bugger blasted the bedrock to bits with his finger! Those two zombies are eyeing Jojo! Jojo cannot hope to defeat both of them! If only I could force blood to circulate through my arm! What happens if you do that?! I may use Ripple energy to start healing my arm! But I require the frost to be thawed! Barone Zeppeli, you need only your arm to be thawed, aye?! Wh

-What are doing?! Will my heart thaw the frost?! Signore Speedwagon! Up in a place called the "Arctic," I heard that people there would cover themselves in a seal's carcass to fight frostbite! Zoom Punch! Thine blood be mine! H

-He's sucking my blood with his hair?! Speedwagon, why would you do this for me?! Because Barone Zeppeli, a third wheel can always prove useful to a cart! If your hair can suck blood, then I could very well channel Ripple energy into your skull! Sunlight Yellow Overdrive! I

-I can't channel a Ripple! Has my Ripple energy diminished because his hair's still sucking my blood?! Si, I believed you would only impede our mission.

I believed you would've rolled out of harm's way! Forgive my doubts, Speedwagon! You can thank me after we've k*lled that shitter! D

-Do what you can to accelerate thawing! I must aid Jojo in this battle! Th

-The sheer sight of that sword has me sh1tting, it does! The blasted blade is bigger than Mr.

Joestar himself! Those black blood

-sucking braids and their ghastly gazes leave me lost! Something's driving these two! I've seen me fair share of such men, but never a pair with such purpose! Any educated Englishman would know the terrific tale of Tarkus and Bruford! Even those of legend and lore may become my servants! Around 1565, two queens laid their respective claims to the Throne of England.

One was the then

-current monarch of England, Queen Elizabeth I, and the other was the beautiful 23

-year

-old Queen Mary I of Scotland.

Tarkus and Bruford the Black were a pair of Mary's most devout knights.

Though both men had lost their families to w*r, Mary took them into her warm and merciful embrace.

Although both warriors were famed for ferocity, even they yearned for comfort.

They fought not for her love, but for a greater cause.

Mary could be the monarch England needed.

Both men swore devout and undying loyalty to Mary, even if it meant their lives.

But in 1567, Mary's husband, Lord Darnley, had passed under unusual circumstances.

Elizabeth used the incident to her advantage and accused Mary of m*rder Lord Darnley.

The entirety of the British Isles called for Mary's head.

Mary was subsequently tried, and imprisoned for her perceived crimes.

Tarkus and Bruford fought tooth and nail to free Mary from confinement.

Elizabeth, agitated by their antics, offered them an ultimatum to a prolonged w*r.

Prostrate thineselves unto the custody of Tudors, and I shall spare the life of Mary.

We mayn't refuse the offer of Elizabeth.

Die I shall without qualm.

They surrendered to the Tudors, and were summarily ex*cuted.

Have I do displeasing news for thou.

Not spared was the life of Mary! The lie of Elizabeth be your death! Behold thine eyes unto yonder.

'Twas the head of Mary! Curse you, Elizabeth! Thou art of lies and distrust! Begrudge ye Tudors to damnation! Until the last life of the Tudors begone, we curse thine Tudors to follow! And thus, the end of Tarkus and Bruford.

In his rage, Tarkus's muscles contracted greatly, causing the executioner to exhaust many axes before a successful beheading.

Bruford, on the other hand, caught the offending executioner's legs by surprise, and was ex*cuted as he dined on the offender's flesh.

I do delight deeply for their deranged dander! Remember this night, for the graves of tragic knights were desecrated for the sake of resurrection by the hand of Dio! I've reinvigorated them as vengeful vampires! Wryyyyy! We are devout to Lord Dio! We shall rain doom upon this earth, and slaughter all the innocents of humanity! Th

-They've got a gruesome grudge! And that grudge does naught but grow! Dio degenerated the heroes into demons! Can we even hope to defeat such rage?! My left hand burns with a fiery flame! Scarlet Overdrive! I

-Incredibile! H

-How could I have perished the thought?! Mr.

Joestar is not alone in his journey for justice! He carries his father's memory, as well as the hope for a family! He's our savior! The boy bears bits of brilliance He shall serve to limber my limbs of three centuries! The cur is mine to devour! I shall chew on his fine face! Another zombie?! Hold your teeth, squire! H

-He's fleet

-footed! Milord, the bollocks on this boy be bountiful.

May I have the honor of breaking the boy's bounty? Break him.

Tarkus, stay your hand! Bruford the Black be bold, bloodthirsty, and brutal! He's a cruel culo, at that! His being oozes an aura of pride and prowess for w*r! A bizarre bind this is Before me is Bruford the Black of the history books, and he's come for my head.

I must ready Ripple respiration, and ease my muscles! Wh

-What's this?! He has his hands behind his back! Which arm shall he strike with?! Shall he use his legs?! Bruford used his hair! D

-Drat! Impeccable instincts.

But he declined my Dance of Death! How daring! Mr.

Joestar! He can't defeat Bruford if he can't breathe! No respiration, no Ripple! We need to fish him out! I

-It's Tarkus! Curses! We must assist Mr.

Joestar! Jonathan shall die, for Bruford is a master aquanaut.

I presence needn't grace them any longer! I shall transform the inhabitants of Wind Knight's Road into zombies within the span of this night! I expect the zombies of Wind Knight's Road to spread throughout the British Isles! I

-I need air in order to channel a Ripple! One bubble of air shall suffice! Now, swim to the surface! Inhale the air you require, for I am weighed down by this armor! The sword shall stay sheathed, and I shall duel thee to the death! Now, act before you drown to death! Can I make it to the surface before he does?! I'm uncertain! As he choked on incoming water, the profound potential within Jojo's being conceived a most bold thought! Ordinary folk would only considered escaping by swimming towards the surface, but not Jojo did the contrary! Incredibly, against all odds, Jojo swam deeper into the depths! Wh

-Why would he dive deeper?! Danny got ahold of your toy p*stol and won't release it? He won't let go because you're pulling it away.

Here's a thought.

Stop trying to pull it, and just give in.

Wind Knight's Road inmates mined for coal! Therefore, this area was subjected to subsidence! There it is! Subsidence shifts the surface, and traps pockets of air underneath debris I have it! I needed only a single breath! My bloodstream's flowing again! H

-He's had a breath No longer shall I be restricted to breaching for a breath! I may channel any Ripple through water with ease Feel my Aqua Ripple Turquoise Blue Overdrive! I'll be the roundabout The words will make you out 'n' out We spend the day your way Call it morning driving thru the sound and In and out the valley Eh! In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see You Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time Yer a bitter bugger, Bruford! I pride mineself as an Elite Executioner! This mayn't maim mineself! And you shall be doomed to destruction! Overdrive of Salvation! Episode The Courage of Tomorrow
The Courage of Tomorrow I may channel any Ripple through water with ease.

Feel my Aqua Ripple! Turquoise Blue Overdrive! Jo

-! Jojo! He got him! No, he still lives! Bruford breached to the top with the same haste as my Aqua ripple during the very moment it struck him! My Ripple only rasped him due to the sprint of his swim! I must strike the knight with my knuckles and channel the Sunlight Yellow Overdrive! Milord bestowed a breath unto Bruford the Black, and thus, may battle this boy's bounty with bliss! The bravery of this boy be akin to Bruford's own! Ne'ertheless, such bravery shall be broken on this bedrock! The b*ttlefield be balanced, and only our bravery shall battle! Boy, shall ye best the bravery of Bruford the Black?! Wryyyyyyyy! Though a doll to Dio's desires, Bruford the Black remains a heraldic hero! He is a weathered warrior wrought with the ways of w*r! Your blood shall become the blood of the Black! Another Dance of Death, is it?! I accept! Let us dance the Ripple reel! Sora kobore ochita futatsu no hoshi ga Once, two sh**ting stars descended from Heaven and flew straight into an ocean of emotion.

Hikari to yami noãminamo suikomareteyuku From their impact, a ripple of strife exploded! hikiauyouni takanaru hamon hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, yabou no hate wo mezasu mono ni while the other strove for unbound ambition ikenie wo no matter the cost.

furueru hodo kokoro moetsukiru hodo atsuku The star of the Sun, unwavering, burning with vigor, radiates a courageous flame sono te kara hanate kodou karada minagiru yuuki de engulfing its entire being! mayoi naki kakugo ni gassai wo Both stars ready to collide sono chi no sadame jojo For it's in the blood of all JoJos! Episode Courage of Tomorrow Overdrive of Ruin! Jojo! C

-Curses! Jojo cannot channel a Ripple without use of his arms or legs! If his arms and legs remain bound by Bruford, Jojo cannot channel a Ripple to break those braids! A

-As much as I'd love to help him, Tarkus blocks our way! H

-His hair cuts through my clothes and into my skin! The more I struggle to break these braids, the more blood it sucks! Now boy, I shall deliver unto thee death! I shall behead thee and bathe in thine blood! Very well! I shall channel my Metal Ripple, Solid Silver Overdrive! W

-Well played! Mr.

Joestar parried the blade, and followed through by channeling a Ripple through his arm! My heart, resolute! My body, ablaze! My radiant Ripple releases! Sunlight Yellow Overdrive! There's the sound! The sound of an inferno that follows a channeled Ripple! B

-Bruford was a cut above any zombie I've ever faced! I knew of his heroism in history, but he had to die once more Bruford had become a vengeful vampire who threatened humanity.

It had to be done! I am Bruford the Black! I mayn't be maimed by such strikes! Yer a bitter bugger, Bruford! Yer a zombie, up a creek without a bloody arm, and you still want to jostle with Mr.

Joestar?! What the

-?! Are you mad, Mr.

Joestar?! He'll behead you if you don't do something! Move your arse! He stopped?! What's the meaning of this?! Sir Bruford "mayn't be maimed by such strikes," aye? Then you felt pain to liken my strikes to "maiming.

" Fl

-Flowers They bloom where Bruford stands! The Ripple has g*n rending Bruford's body asunder, and has regained the sensation of pain.

A sensation zombies would never feel.

While the Ripple corrodes the remains of Bruford's body, it restored Bruford's humanity and his chivalry as a knight.

For this, I held my hand against my fellow man.

That is why you ceased your slash.

Look at his face! No longer is the bugger's face contorted in rage! He's got the face of a wee babe, leering at his mum! Thou seated diligent to awaiteth mine blade Mine blade, thou knoweth mayn't cometh unto thine neck? Retain thou, faith in mine humanity? "Pain" be a sensation of mine humanity.

Were mine humanity retain "pain," then retain "joy" as well.

Lost, was mine humanity.

Though now, I feel naught but comfort.

Foregone, has mine rage toward humanity.

'Twas mine fortune to jostle with so marvelous a man of faith.

Mine dear queen awaiteth Mine friend of faith in three centuries, name thineself.

I am Jonathan Joestar.

Jonathan Granteth thee, the words mine dear queen etched upon mine blade.

Luck.

(Fortune) Thou shalt taketh this word for thine crusade.

Pluck.

(Courage) Sir Bruford! This feels alike a Shakespearean tragedy.

To restore his humanity, I had to deal a merciful blow! Though he d*ed bearing a considerable grudge against humanity, how could a man so heroic and chivalrous become so wrought with vengeance?! The fault lies with the stone mask! And the deranged disciple of the stone mask, Dio! Jojo! Behind you! Tarkus?! H

-How could you?! Why desecrate the memory, the armor of your fallen knight so?! Bruford be naught but a blackguard! He retained my respect as a fellow knight, but Bruford was naught but a dancer! However, I pride mineself as an Elite Executioner! With naught but brawn and brute, I may lay waste to any and all! Sing for me a symphony of screams! Nice catch, Jojo! This cliff collapses! Leaves! Jojo! Sir! Overdrive of Salvation! Grab ahold, Speedwagon! Poco! Humans possess minute capabilities in biomagnetism, meaning that humans are capable of producing magnetic fields.

With the Ripple, biomagnetism in humans may be greatly manipulated, and channeled through many leaves to create one giant manifestation! We're flying! Up yers! How did you two do this?! Are you even human? Or, are you seraphs of some sort? I want to know too, Boyo! After everything we've been through today, I still know nothing about Barone Zeppeli! Where the bloody Hell did you learn all this magic?! When I was in British India, I met a most peculiar physician in a port city.

I found him too youthful to be a physician, and yet, he insisted that he was one.

And indeed, he was.

His patient's leg had undergone severe necrosis, which would warrant amputation in the West, but this man's glowing fingers healed his patient's leg.

That power stemmed from the Art of Mystics! I felt that the Art of Mystics was the only means to defeat the stone mask, and so I paddled up the Gyalmo River which ran through Tibet in search of his master, his Lama.

The Lama's name was Tong Pheti.

Wayfarer from the West, your future is now known to my eyes.

You wish to learn the Art of Mystics, aye? Know now, that if you pursue the Art of Mystics, you shall be doomed to destruction! Then so be it.

I must have these arts to combat the evil to come.

I mustn't share the omen of Lama Tong Pheti, not with Jojo, not with anyone! B

-Barone? D

-Does the Ripple make this sound to keep us gliding? N

-No, it isn't! It's Tarkus! H

-He's leapt after us! How could he risk leaping into a chasm to k*ll us?! He mayn't break through fortified Ripple energy! Play with the sun, and you shall be singed! What's that?! I

-It's the Fortress of Knighthood! Ready yourselves for a leap! Otherwise, it'll be a crash landing! Tarkus crashed straight through the masonry! Though immortal, his body must've been bashed to bits! Dio gained regenerative properties only through the mask, whereas his zombie servants did not, and are debilitated! Ma

-Mamma mia! He lives only for the thrill of battle! His should've been crippled from that crash! He's climbing up here! Though our main prerogative is the death of Dio, I tire of this game we play! We must terminate Tarkus tonight! Jojo! Take the bambino inside and hide him! This is quite a daunting door I heard something else, too.

Wa

-Watch your step.

Knights used to duel to the death in these ruins.

I heard it's full of booby traps.

Mr.

Joestar, I heard chains! Mister! Jojo! Wh

-What is this?! Tarkus?! How long it has been? The Chamber of Ouroboros's tug of w*r.

I shall partake of my pastime for once in three centuries.

This was one of the Fortress of Knighthood's trials, the Chamber of Ouroboros's chain

-collar tug of w*r.

I fell 48 knights in this contest.

Indeed, mine most capable of contests be this tug of w*r.

B

-Barone Zeppeli, break your barrage! It can't be broken! H

-His fist is bloodied and busted! Th

-The Art of Mystics had no doctrines on destroying dense material! I may break bricks with the Ripple, but not so dense a door! Ergo, Jojo faces a similar predicament as I! He cannot cleave the chain with the Ripple! Thine collar be locked with a key, rests within mine collar! The door to your fellows shan't open whilst we duel, and the key to my collar rests within yours.

One of us need only sever the head of the other to be free! Metal Overdrive! T

-The chains are enclosed within the ceiling, and will disperse Ripple energy to the ceiling, not the chain! He's fractured my arm, and I cannot treat it without Ripple respiration because my neck is being crushed as he pulls this chain! I cannot breathe! Jojo! Blast it! I

-I've piddled my pantaloons! I

-I've had enough! I can't stay with them They're the ones who brought this trouble to our town! Barone Zeppeli, behold the bar! This door can only be opened from within! I'm certain Jojo can hold his own, but he's been battered from his battle with Bruford.

We must find a way inside! Together, we may defeat Tarkus! But Barone, I see no other way to enter! It's a tight squeeze.

They wouldn't be able to go through there.

But maybe I could fit Damn this door! Signore, this door shan't be budged! We must scale down, towards the m*nled masonry! B

-But that would take too long! We've dabbled with the damn door long enough! Am I nothing more than a third wheel?! I serve no purpose! I am a tired third wheel! Gander at me, Poco.

Gander at my face, you squab! Poco's a pansy

-boy! Let's light the pansy a wee f*g.

Now, be good and breathe it all in! He's gonna spit up, he will! O

-Over there! B

-Boys, let's blow! P

-Peggy Fancied yourself a good bludgeoning, did we? My bairn of a brother, I think you should try throwing a punch or two.

I

-I'll punch them back tomorrow! And which "tomorrow" will this be? T

-Tomorrow.

Poco.

What are you scared of most? Might it be the hurt of my hand? You don't like the hurt, do you? The hurt's much better for you than growing into a limping lady of a man! Do you want to be a lady?! I

-I don't Come closer, my wee bairn.

I'll wash the dirt out of those clothes.

Poco?! A window?! G

-Get down from there! Don't do it, Poco! Stop him! If that little bambino breaks into that room, Tarkus will blast him to oblivion! Child, descend to me! Climb out! R

-Remember the words of that blond beast If Mr.

Jojo dies, he'll att*ck our township! He'll hurt Peggy! Don't worry, Peggy! Poco will protect you! Peggy! "Tomorrow" is today! Poco, run away! Ye dare deter our duel?! Poco!!! I'm not scared of the pain anymore Open sesame.

Yer a pretty perky kid, Poco The tyke's gonna live, Mr.

Joestar! Barone Zeppeli, burn that bastard 'til he bleeds! Barone?! You shall be doomed to destruction! At last At last, the Lama's omen has come to pass! If I am to be destroyed, then so be it.

Barone Zeppeli! What do you mean, "destroyed?!" I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..

In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time This can't be happening! I shall terminate you, Tarkus! Be smote by mine sole! Jojo! See our crusade through to the very end! Episode Sorrowful Successor
Tibet 1863 For three years, you've done well to be disciplined in the Art of Mystics.

Your reinforced Ripple respiration may carry you great distances.

Only the most rigorous of Ripples remains to be taught, but I shall caution you once more, Zeppeli.

Should you complete your training, your doom shall be sealed.

Your course cannot be changed.

You may forfeit the Art now, and lead your life anew, unbound by destruction.

Lama Tong Pheti, define my destruction.

Take my palm, and detail my death for me.

When and where shall I succumb? Why would you want to know? I became a disciple of the Art of Mystics for the sole sake of combatting the coming evil.

Should I learn the details of my death, and I shall be steeled for a short life.

Only then, shall I acquiesce and acquire the final Ripple.

And only then, may I be rend without regret.

If so steeled, you are, for the suffering to come, then so be it! A child shall unseal an accursed chamber containing a wrathful revenant of yore.

The injured lion, which is chained in this chamber, shall give way to powerful prides.

Though you grant him the strength to be freed, you shall perish in a most pressing predicament.

Barone Zeppeli Beware of the big bastard! Jojo, allow me to assist! The injured lion, who is chained in this chamber, shall give way to powerful prides.

Sora kobore ochita futatsu no hoshi ga Once, two sh**ting stars descended from Heaven Hikari to yami noãminamo suikomareteyuku and flew straight into an ocean of emotion.

From their impact, a ripple of strife exploded! hikiauyouni takanaru hamon One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo while the other strove for unbound ambition yabou no hate wo mezasu mono ni no matter the cost.

ikenie wo furueru hodo kokoro moetsukiru hodo atsuku The star of the Sun, unwavering, burning with vigor, sono te kara hanate kodou radiates a courageous flame engulfing its entire being! karada minagiru yuuki de mayoi naki kakugo ni gassai wo Both stars ready to collide sono chi no sadame jojo For it's in the blood of all JoJos! Sorrowful Successor Episode The collar can't be budged! Tarkus k*lled 48 knights in this contest, but he has yet to show any tact in this trial! I know he has a trick or two! Come at me, cretins! Ye dare deter mine duel with "ripples?!" Ripples shan't flow through the fell of Tarkus! Be ye faint of heart, fool?! Bewilder that bugger, Barone! Take this, Tarkus! Tornado Overdrive! H

-He leapt?! An aerial att*ck?! No, Barone! His chain's below you! Be taken by mine two

-pronged tactic! Feel mine wrath! Leviathan's Loop! Ye both be strangled into silence! I

-I cannot breathe I cannot channel the Ripple! Jo

-! Jojo! Milord, dispatched, I have, thine two insects.

Th

-This This can't be happening! Mr.

Joestar! Though thine neck be broken, this whelp ceases not his breath? I shall ease thine suffering! Jo Jojo! The half

-man lives as well! I pass onto you the most rigorous of Ripples Jojo, take my lifeforce! Jojo! See our crusade through to the very end! Ultimate Overdrive of Salvation! Jojo I've channeled every ounce of my lifeforce into you! B

-Barone Barone Zeppeli! Ye accursed cretins! Be smote by mine sole! H

-How dare you! Mr.

Joestar trapped Tarkus up the chain! Barone Zeppeli's Ripple rebuilt his ruined neck! Buffoon! Ye dare to crush the collar?! Ye mere man mayn't mar it! Though Milord bestowed great strength unto me, even I mayn't mar the metal! I shall terminate you, Tarkus! Mr.

Joestar! Impossible! You are no heroic knight of either honor or chivalry! You are naught but a sl*ve to Dio's evil and treachery! I

-Incredible! He's got the strength of ten spitfires, even! Mr.

Joestar has completely changed! Barone Zeppeli channeled his lifeforce through his last Ripple! Their Ripple powers have combined into one! Tarkus.

I shall smite your being to ashes, and your wretched soul shall be swift to follow! May you rest eternal, in the annals of history! Ye dare to belittle mine honor, ye scornful squire?! You have no honor! He's dead! Barone Zeppeli! Barone! How How could this happen?! How, Barone How could we even hope to continue this crusade without you?! Jojo! Do

-Don't be a dense disciple! We have no time for tears! Yo

-You don't need Leave me here, and go defeat Dio Destroy the stone mask Barone! Brief as my life was, I regret nothing.

I was once married, and even had a family.

But I left them, in pursuit of the stone mask.

I knew I had done wrong, and yet I regret nothing.

I embraced my fate of a short life Now, I've shared with you both my story.

But Jojo.

You are my only hope for humanity! Barone To me, you are a dear friend and beloved son.

I'll always be with you.

Now, and forever.

Cia

-! In the 19th Century, there was an English novelist known as William M.

Thackeray who once said, "To love and win is the best thing, to love and lose is the next best.

" Jojo had lost his master, but he gained Zeppeli's story and spirit.

Rest in peace, Barone Zeppeli.

I

-I beg of you! Please, spare my child's life! So if I may, Madam, allow me to clarify your request.

You would willingly join my horde, on the condition that I spare the child.

Is that correct? Please, just spare my baby boy! No more tears, please.

How touching.

Very well.

Neither I nor my horde shall harm your child.

I'll cross my heart, even.

I must note though, Madam, my loyal servants surrendered their mortality to me in exchange for immortality, but would you not want your child to have to same? You both would be together, forever, without any mortal quarrel for all eternity.

Please, just spare my baby boy! Spare him! Have it your way.

My beautiful baby boy! I kept my word, Madam, but perhaps you should've chosen yours better.

Now, your beautiful baby became your banquet.

Mr.

Joestar's wearing a solemn scowl now.

His emotions are eclipsed in that shadow.

We're all in the same boat.

We're all trying to keep our emotions bottled up.

But only after we've defeated Dio can we cry and curse! Mr.

Joestar.

Dio said that he'd transform all of Wind Knight's Road within the span of a night.

If his zombies start infecting others, we'll have a plague to oppose.

Is the township safe? Is anyone even alive in Wind Knight's Road? I hope Peggy and the others are okay We make haste! Mr.

Adams! Poco, just what in God's name are you doing out so late?! Mr.

Adams, have you seen Peggy? A

-Are the town and its people okay?! "Okay?" It's pretty far from "okay!" It's bollocks! I got locked in yer barn after breaking my back all day! I suppose the township is still safe.

Then we have to hurry! Thank you, Mr.

Adams! Wee children I love the warm blood of wee children! He's already been turned! Catch me if you can! If he's been turned, then so has

- The townspeople.

There are zombies scattered about the countryside.

Another zombie, are you?! I am Dire.

A lunge of lackluster legerity! I have your head! Lightning Pincer Lunge! Y

-You're quite peculiar! Normally, my opponents would've pulled their head back, but you did quite the contrary by hitting my head with yours! Desist, Jonathan Joestar.

I am a mortal human.

Pardon my surprise, but I wanted to test the techniques of Barone Zeppeli's disciple.

You know Barone Zeppeli?! Aye.

Our friendship spans 20 years now, from the time we were disciplined in the Art of Mystics by our master and Lama, Tong Pheti.

Indeed.

I am Straits.

Read this.

A letter? Who sent it? Barone Zeppeli?! Indeed.

Zeppeli sent that, requesting our assistance.

After he discovered the location of the stone mask and its proprietor, Zeppeli wrote to us, detailing your current predicament.

Meet our Lama, Tong Pheti.

Greeeetings.

So you are Barone Zeppeli's master, Lama Tong Pheti? For disciples of Mystics, greetings require no contact.

This is our greeting.

If I may, might I inquire Zeppeli's whereabouts? So, Zeppeli has already embraced his fate.

Were we to have arrived sooner, his fate would've still been the same.

Tell me, is this "Dio" so overwhelming a foe to face? I ponder if that diabolical and wicked lifeforce from yonder is his own.

Wind Knight's Road became mine long before the eve's end I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..

In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time I have you now, fool! I, Straits, shall spare you no mercy! I shall bring the axe upon your head, Dio! Then do it, Jojo! Episode Jojo & Dio's Battle of Blood
Poco! Where the bloody Hell have you been all night?! P

-Pappy I'm happy you're still my pappy, b

-but where's Peggy? She went looking for your belated butt.

Peggy went out there, and hasn't come back?! Poco, what's got you on pins and needles? You're being bizarre.

Peggy! Peggy!!! Once, two sh**ting stars descended from Heaven Sora kobore ochita futatsu no hoshi ga and flew straight into an ocean of emotion.

Hikari to yami noãminamo suikomareteyuku From their impact, a ripple of strife exploded! hikiauyouni takanaru hamon hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, while the other strove for unbound ambition yabou no hate wo mezasu mono ni no matter the cost.

ikenie wo furueru hodo kokoro moetsukiru hodo atsuku The star of the Sun, unwavering, burning with vigor, radiates a courageous flame sono te kara hanate kodou engulfing its entire being! karada minagiru yuuki de Both stars ready to collide mayoi naki kakugo ni gassai wo sono chi no sadame jojo For it's in the blood of all JoJos! Episode Jojo & Dio's Battle of Blood Take for instance the ripeness of this very rose.

If I had to guess, you'd be as rosy as the rose I hold.

Let us now move onto maturation, Mademoiselle.

When this bloom blossoms, only withering would await.

Wouldn't that just be a terrible waste? She is a sweet lass of 16! A vestal virgin, in fact! Lord Dio, would you not die to dine on a lass as sweet and succulent as she? An undisciplined dog deserves naught but death.

Well, Madomoiselle? Won't you make a choice? Wouldn't you want to stay 16 for all eternity? You won't be beguiled into keeping my company, either.

I just want you to determine your own destiny.

Demon Louder, Madamoiselle.

Y

-You are demon, condemned to damnation for all eternity! Well then, while I find it regrettably regrettable to leave your company so soon, a parting gift.

This is Doobie the Demon.

If you'd rather deal with a real demon, then deal with Doobie.

Au revoir, Mademoiselle.

Wh

-Who threw that?! Who knows.

I could tell you, but my name needn't grace the ears of evil! Peggy! Poco! We got his face, we did! What manner of sorcery subsides in that sack? Wh

-What's in there Th

-That zombie snuck snakes into his skull! He's got toxic cobras and other vicious serpents! Lost for words? Mr.

Jojo's been bitten by the toxic snakes! S

-Several of them, too! Gee whillikers I have no time to deal with Dio's demons! Well done.

He purged the poison.

He's done well to control his Ripple respiration within a single week.

It's the late barone's lifeforce that lifted Mr.

Joestar's powers! Watch, as I spin the blood of your snakes with a small Ripple! Peggy! Poco?! Peggy! I've returned from the fortress for you, Dio.

So you survived, Jojo.

It seems your survival stemmed from defeating both Bruford and Tarkus.

Lord Dio! Allow us the honor of beheading this human! Let my fangs fill this fool with holes! Dio! No.

This foe This foe is mine to fall! I shall speak straight, Jojo.

I never wanted to subject you to servitude.

I never wanted my best chum, my brother, to be zombified, for there is no gratification to be had from it.

Ergo, I left your supposed demise to Bruford and Tarkus.

But that obviously ended in error.

As a God, I cannot afford the liability of seeing you alive any longer! So now, I shall swing the scythe of slaughter! As shall I! I shall bring the axe upon your head, Dio! We'll get to it, Jojo But whatever happened to that idiotic Italian of yours? Where is he? Dio, I shall be direct with you.

It's unbecoming of a gentlemen to swear vengeance, but to be ever so straight, I, Jonathan Joestar, would want nothing more than to eliminate your evil existence! Then do it, Jojo! Then do it, Jojo! Mr.

Dire? Stand aside, Jojo.

The one with seniority shall be the first to avenge his friend.

Zeppeli and I were fellow disciples and friends for 20 years! For vengeance, vampire! I shall cast you into the very depths of Hell! Desist! You know too little of his skills and strength! Fascinating footwork.

Perhaps the limits of human potential may be expanded to attain drift through discipline.

However, your discipline pales in comparison to the deification I've earned this day! Wryyyyyyy!!! Dare you defeat me with such lackluster legerity?! I have you now, fool! Lightning Pincer Lunge! Incredible! Mr.

Dire can deflect any att*ck and drive through with the that lunge! It's a crafty charge! None have broken through Dire's drive! Ice! It's absolutely useless! I

-I'm frozen stiff! The Freezing Finger! The vampire vaporizes moisture on contact, causing the body to freeze from heat loss! Once frozen, your blood stops flowing and you can't channel any Ripple! A

-And the bastard has become better at this.

He froze Dire's whole body on contact! Y

-You cur! Brittle in the britches, are we?! Buffoon, were you beguiled into the belief of my defeat?! You've ventured here for a brutal death, aye?! Then you shall have a most brutal death! D

-Dire! Don't do it! Jojo, you're next in line for the trip to Hell! Dire! Did you enjoy the prick of a Ripple Rose? Dire!!! Mr.

Dire! H

-How dare you How dare you foil my fair face! Mr.

Dire Speedwagon! Here! Dio! Mr.

Dire has shown me the sole solution to slashing your Frozen Fingers off! And I shall demonstrate my design of your defeat! I shall behead you with the Rippled blade of Bruford, Luck & Pluck! Fortune Courage Fortune Fortune Courage Fortune Courage Fortune Courage Fortune Courage Courage Fortune The flower is fouler than the feces of frogs That accursed Ripple Rose harmed my fair face! Big are your bollocks, aye?! Then may they be burst by my bands of undead beasts! Make those blue faces bloody, my beasts! And the stinky shitter of a devil makes a stunning return! His gentlemanly facade and has all but faded away! Nothing can cloak the stench of a shitter! His first taste of a true Ripple's been a bitter one to swallow! I, Straits, shall spare you no mercy! I am Page! Jones! Plant! Bonham! Fool in the Rain! The sap of a rose is its lifeblood, and the Ripple may only be channeled through the lifeblood of the living.

However, when the Ripple is channeled through metal, it conducts and disperses the energy.

The horde of the hungry huddle to us.

We shall suppress their stomachs.

From what I know already, the shitter has the dashing legs of a leopard! But with the powers of Barone Zeppeli, Mr.

Joestar may dash Dio's speed! And yet, the shitter's strongman strength may rend through both bone and flesh with ease! Who will win? The first clash should show the victor! I shall strangle you into an eternal silence! I permanently purify your putrid passions! When did he hide these roses?! Die, Dio! Well done! He's dashing at Dio from the right, where his eye's been blinded! C

-Curses! Jojo's grown judicious from his jams! H

-He dashed Dio! At last, Dio is defeated! Bollocks! You bloody buffoons! T

-The sword is frozen! And how brittle it is! Wryyyyy! Now, I may enslave you as my loyal servant! I can feel your carotid artery pulsing between my fingers, Jojo! The warmth of this artery feels rather pleasant, it does.

T

-Take this! He's frozen my foot in frost! An utterly useless attempt! Enough of this foolishness, Jojo! You try anything again, and I'll sever your delicate carotid artery! If I so much as nick it, my vampiric essence shall enter your bloodstream and transform you! I

-I have to help him! My minions! Stall those damned dancers for a duration! The hungry continue to huddle to us! We cannot help him as we are! Well Jojo, I'll have to hurt your artery in order to make you my loyal servant! You haven't defeated me yet, Dio, because you've made another error! Unlikely! Oh, but you failed to freeze my whole body for the sake of sucking my blood! If you had frozen my whole body, I would've be powerless to fight, but you wouldn't have been able to suck my blood, either! Your failure to prioritize your objectives was your error! He's scorching the sword! Curses! The flames thaw frost faster than heat dissipation through vaporization! He'll channel a Ripple through the sword! Sunlight Yellow Overdrive! Take this! He defeated Dio! Swerve, Speedwagon.

As Dio still stands, the Ripple failed to be channeled.

My arm My arm is frozen again! How could it freeze by contacting his face?! You were far too eager to exert some steam, Jojo! I shall commend you for your craft and cunning.

I shall also commend you for using the flame to thaw the frost.

But Jojo, my Frozen Fingers shall never be defeated.

Contacting my body will freeze your arm, while another two seconds would freeze your whole body.

He's purged himself of the vampiric essence! Mr.

Joestar hasn't given up hope! Why do you take so tense a stance? Why do you even bother? I told you that the apex of human potential is limited, did I not? No matter what skills you've gained through the Ripple, it's absolutely, positively, ultimately, undeniably useless against me! A human could never ascend a God! And in terms of animals, Jojo, you are nothing more than a monkey to me! You're wrong! So long as I am devoted, the apex of human potential is unlimited! I demonstrate the result of said devotion! You won't have the time! I shall enslave you within moments! His hand! His hand burns! His fist is aflame! He could thaw the Frozen Fingers with fire! Who shall prevail in this predicament?! Duel me, Dio! Wryyyyyyyyyyyy! H

-His hand's been caught! No! His fists followed through! M

-M

-My beautiful body melts! T

-This flaming pain is unlike any other! I was supposed to live for centuries to come! I Dio finally bites the dust! and I alone He condensed his blood into a beam of light?! It would've taken my head off if it strayed a few centimetres to the right! Th

-That was close! As he passes in pain, he commits one final act of evil before succumbing to silence.

Dio's dropping down into the depths below! Dio Mr.

Jojo! He's exhausted.

The day of death, night of knights, and morn of mourning have taken its toll.

Why does he weep for the death of that demon? Because he shared his youth, together with Dio.

But I'm glad he's gone! Behold, Barone Zeppeli! We b*at him! Mr.

Joestar b*at him bloody! At last, Dio is defeated! I might be mad to say this, but I daresay that we've saved the world! I'll be the roundabout The words will make you out 'n' out We spend the day your way Call it morning driving thru the sound and In and out the valley Eh! In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see You Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time It's about time he got hitched! I'm shedding tears of joy.

L

-Leave me! I would rather die with you.

There's my new body.

The Ripple of Rest Episode
M

-Move, my m*nled arm! Before the wretched Ripple splits my skull move for me! Lord Dio! He requires a new body On December 04, 1888, an excerpt from London Press followed as thus: "On December 01, 73 residents of Wind Knight's Lot total 452 went missing within in the span of a single night.

Scotland Yard's investigation proceeds, with only a single statement from a witness to that night.

" "Four foreign blokes b*rned a gent's garbs near the chasm of a cliff.

Afterwards, one of the blokes broke a mysterious mask with a maul.

" A smashing stroke, indeed! Sora kobore ochita futatsu no hoshi ga Once, two sh**ting stars descended from Heaven Hikari to yami noãminamo suikomareteyuku and flew straight into an ocean of emotion.

hikiauyouni takanaru hamon From their impact, a ripple of strife exploded! One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo yabou no hate wo mezasu mono ni while the other strove for unbound ambition no matter the cost.

ikenie wo The star of the Sun, unwavering, burning with vigor, furueru hodo kokoro moetsukiru hodo atsuku sono te kara hanate kodou radiates a courageous flame engulfing its entire being! karada minagiru yuuki de Both stars ready to collide mayoi naki kakugo ni gassai wo sono chi no sadame jojo For it's in the blood of all JoJos! Episode The Ripple of Rest "The heir to the Joestar Estate, Mr.

Jonathan Joestar, wed the daughter of the Pendleton's, Ms.

Erina Pendleton!" They'll have their honeymoon in America, eh? Crikey! I'll miss their boat! They'll be sailing soon! Ahoy! Over here, Mr.

Speedwagon! You were minutes from missing them! I know I'm late, lad! Where are they now? They went aboard already.

They're set to sail soon.

Soon?! Where can I see 'em from?! Father Styx.

We pray your mission in Mexico will be a miraculous one.

As do I, Father.

Mr.

Joestar! Where are you?! Yer blockin' me, bloke! Whatever could be inside this cumbersome coffin?! Bollocks if you ask me! Last night, a creepy Chinaman hired us to have this heft heaved aboard! Wryyy Boys I

-I think I heard a hiss from within Stow the gab and haul it, Harry! Our coin's kaput if it's not aboard! Are those lousy longshoremen blind?! Mr.

Speedwagon! They're over there! Hail! Mr.

Joestar! The hulking hunk's finally hitched.

May your marriage be filled with merry! Speedwagon will always speed swiftly to your side whenever necessary, Mr.

Joestar.

But, I wouldn't want to roll over your romance.

Mr.

Joestar! I wish you a jovial journey! Atlantic Ocean 

- American Passage The poor bird's one wing won't work It's fallen from the flock Erina, what's wrong? Why are you weeping? I'm shedding tears of joy, because we're together now.

I've got the gentleman who further wrought the wrath of bullies by displaying a handkerchief with his proud name, Jonathan Joestar.

I couldn't ask for anything more.

Neither could I.

I've married the miss who bandaged and embraced me with her warmth, while I was enveloped in a frigid darkness, Erina.

I'm pleased to have protected the world that you know and love.

If only Father could have met you Erina, let's go to dinner.

Jonathan

-! I

-I was trying to warn you I wish our happiness would be eternal Christ, it fell in the engine room! Of all the filthy fields it could've fallen into I could curse the clergy for all I care, but the rosary is my only resource.

O God in Heaven Why do you keep sending me to these Godforsaken places? I couldn't.

I've never indulged before.

Indulge a little.

A sip shall suffice.

It's rather light, so sip some.

Sip.

A

-Aren't you Jonathan? Could it be It couldn't! Dio still lives? Erina, return to our cabin! And lock the door behind you! This is a peculiar coffin The pad is unlocked.

It's a bit bizarre, in fact.

I can see the coffin's clasp shimmer from within But wouldn't that mean that this coffin could only be opened from inside?! Halt! Aren't you There's my beautiful body.

D

-Dio! Jonathan seemed quite jarred Something's off! Look at what I've become, Jojo.

I wanted you to see what became of a God.

And why do I degrade my dignity by displaying my head? Even though you've thwarted my plans, time and time again, you've earned my respect.

I commend your courage, envy your vigor, and respect your resilience.

And it's dawned upon me Dio Jojo Were it not for you, I would've never been bestowed the blessings of the stone mask.

But were it also not for you, I would've ruled the world by now.

If there is a God, and if He does facilitate fates, then I can only conclude that He purposely twisted ours to each other.

I've realized that without you, I am incomplete.

Therein, your body is the only one that would make me whole again, and with it, my eternal existence shall be an ecstatic one! That is the destiny of Dio Brando! I shall be swift with the stroke, as my respect for my revered rival requires it! H

-His eyes! T

-They glow! Your body shall be mine to have, Jojo! Jonathan! J

-Jonathan! Erina! Now why would you do that? If you hadn't moved, I could've blasted through your brain.

You wouldn't have to suffer as much as you do now.

We've gone from dining in a hall to dining in Hell.

The sight of the unsightly has left the lady speechless, has it? Jojo never did tell you the tales of my deeds, did he? I may be but a head, but surely, you recall your first kiss Erina Pendleton? My mistake.

Mrs.

Erina Joestar, is it not? Dio?! The boat's been beset by beasts! As per your instruction, I infected one passenger, who went on to infect others for the horde! And you shall have an even greater horde once we've reached America.

I can't speak I can't even breathe I must breathe Erina Erina! I shall save you! I can't channel a Ripple! Behold, Lord Dio! The accursed cur can't even breathe! If he can't breathe, the Ripple is useless to him! Shall I smother out what life he has remaining now, in return for humiliating you, Lord Dio? Or perhaps we should watch him writhe in agony? Asphyxiation should only last a few more minutes.

Watch your tongue, Wang Chung.

Do not disrespect Jojo.

He was the only human who forced me to survive as a head.

Out of respect, I don't to prolong his suffering any longer, so go, and sever the sod's head! As you wish, Lord Dio.

His beautiful body shall become my beautiful break! Jonathan! Be wary of his movements! Withdraw, Wang! He's bound to try something before succumbing! What's there to be wary about?! Lord Dio respect for this cur has left him too cautious! I shall scoop out your skull with my claws you stupid simpleton! I shall save Erina I have one breath to give One faint, yet final Ripple to channel I shall unleash every ounce of my Ripple energy! It shall suffice! W

-Withdraw now, Wang Chung! I

-I've lost something As if that something has all but vanished But what could it be? Curses! I

-It was my lifeforce I channeled it all into my final Ripple I

-It was too weak to destroy that zombie, but I've made use of him.

I

-Impossible! Jojo must've done something to Wang Chung's body! The Ripple didn't destroy his body, but controlled his body's tissue instead! Wang Chung's body is ordered to halt that shaft.

A

-And that shaft he's stopping is the ship's paddle

-wheel propeller shaft! A zombie's strength is sufficient enough to stop the shaft, and if the shaft is stopped, the steam in the pistons remain trapped, causing pressure to increase from within! If that pressure causes the piston walls to rupture, the ship will explode! Jonathan! How could this be? How could this happen to you? How? E

-Escape, Erina T

-This ship's set to explode I have no idea how things came to be this way and equally, I don't know whether I should cry, scream, or faint.

I'm at an utter loss.

But I can do one thing.

I, Erina Joestar, will accompany you in death.

I can feel the warmth fade from his lips Why, oh why? I can feel his life slipping away.

My beloved Jonathan Joestar will die But if we can be together in death, let this embrace last.

When the ship explodes, everything will be set ablaze and our ashes will be scattered into the sea.

Weep as you will, but I need you to live on, my love You're so selfish! How could you ask me to save the babe and myself?! I can't be the one to do it! My only desire is to die together with you! As that babe's mother d*ed in its stead my mother did the same for me! Take the babe and escape! You never cease to amaze me with your cunning, Jojo! Even in death, you manage to lead my ambitions askew! But I've learned from your cunning and resilience! I shall survive! My existence shall be eternal, and your body shall ensure that eternity! My minions! Chow down on Wang Chung! Remove his arms and make that shaft spin! It's too late for that Jonathan! The pistons have g*n exploding! But I won't be blown away by this boat or the blasted sun! I've made prior preparations in the case of an expl*si*n! Erina, get a good look at your gent! Jojo's utterly defenseless against my domination, and I shall have his body within moments! Once I've finished, I shall make my escape in that coffin! It may withstand the expl*sive force of several b*mb! I call my personal b*mb shelter! Now die, Jojo! At last, I shall have my beautiful body for centuries to come! Jonathan! Dio Maybe we really are incomplete without each other.

We are bizarre brothers, you and I.

And now, our fate shall be shared together in death, with the expl*si*n to scatter our ashes.

Farewell, my love Erina Unhand me, Jojo! Let me go and we'll think this through, together! I shall allow your existence to be eternal as well! I shall seal your stings, and you can live with Erina for all eternity, Jojo! Jojo?! H

-He's dead.

February 07, 1888 Jonathan Joestar passes away Jonathan Joestar lost his life on that voyage, and nobody would ever know of the events that transpired aboard that ship.

None would ever learn of his brave exploits or his life as a gentleman, save for his descendants.

However, I was certain that the child within my womb, his child, would learn of them from me.

On February 09, Erina Joestar was rescued near the Canary Islands.

At long last, a chapter in the Stone Mask Epic came to a conclusion.

But soon, another chapter, another adventure, would be etched into the Stone Mask Epic.

JOJO's Phantom Blood End Bizarre Adventure I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..

In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time The year was 1938 Long has it been, Mr.

Speedwagon.

How did you know about my knuckle Kn*fe?! Get rid of him! The name's Joseph Joestar, but call me Jojo.

Episode Joseph the Yank
We all know this old man! We've seen that look, we've seen that scar! Long has it been, Mr. Speedwagon.

I've heard of your great success in America's oil business.

I'd call it meager, if anything at all.

But how I envy your youthful face, Master Straits.

You couldn't possibly be 75, as I.

I suppose it's due to your Ripple Respiration.

If only I could have had the aptitude as well.

It has been 49 years since Jonathan's passing, and the times and generation have all moved on.

Straits became the Lama of the Art of Mystics, and Robert Edward O.

Speedwagon became an oil baron.

They would now fly to Mexico to investigate certain ruins.

Certain ruins that were discovered by the Speedwagon Foundation's archaeological team, containing certain artifacts that only Straits and Speedwagon were familiar with.

What you are about to see will most likely stun, no, will without a doubt, shock your spine its every segment into terror! You will feel greater disgust than you did 50 years ago! Greater than the disgust Dio drowned us all in! This is quite the grand hall! Master Straits, I asked you here because of this! T

-This is the stone mask! There are several stone masks as well! 1938 New York It was the autumn of 1938.

I was marking folks, my routine ring

-a

-rounds around town.

Come again, son? You've never heard of Coco

-Cola?! Son, I'm hearing a bit of ol' Blighty in yer voice.

Are you a tourist? Oh, so you immigrated over recently? Anywho, yer gonna hav'ta pay first.

Money's the law of the land 'round here.

Hey! My British buddy, he snatched yer wallet! Get after him! What a chump! My best snatch today! What's up, Smokey? Yer my best snatch today! Caught in the act, in fact! Don't run, you filthy five

-fingering hood! I'll make sure yer black butt's going in the big house for the next twenty years! Please Officer Ferman! All I did was snatch a wallet! Stop singing, you moon cricket! I hate you and all yer kind! But I'm a generous guy, see.

From now on, yer gonna be bringing me $20 every week.

That, and half of yer "earnings," too! Pardon me.

Well if it ain't the chump who got his wallet snatched.

I'm gonna keep this as evidence, so scram.

Well sir, here's the thing I gave him that wallet, Officer.

Unbelievably, that 6

-foot

-4

-or

-so British boy came to save my butt from being busted.

So, would you be so kind as to unhand both him and his wallet? Come again?! I gave him that wallet because he's my mate, he is.

Would you unhand him? Yer friend, eh? Why don'tcha tell me his name then? You don't know his name, do you? Do you wanna end up in the big house for obstruction of justice? Well do you, my bumbling Brit? If you wouldn't mind me asking, why would you, an officer of the law, smear your boogie on me? The aim of such an action befuddles the brain.

There don't have to be any "aim!" I can do whatever I want and yer cheer is making me mad, you mook! If you want me to smear your left cheek, then face the other

-! The only thing I'm hearing from you is bollocks, Bobby! You limey loon! You're under arrest! Go on and sh**t! You won't get a sh*t off though! When you pull that trigger back, I'll snap your trigger finger in half! Like a matchstick! Not from where I'm standing! I'll blow a b*llet through yer brain! It was then, that I saw his body glow with a little bit of light.

Whatever magic he used, it caused the bottle cap to explode from the bottle, breaking the copper's trigger finger! I lost my temper again! O

-Oh no Na

-Nanna Erina will throw a fit.

T

-This cr*cker's crazy! After everything he's done to these two coppers, how could he even be afraid of a scolding from "Nanna Erina?!" Hey, Pickpocket! Let's skedaddle on outta here! I asked how he made that bottle cap explode off its top, but even he didn't know "how.

" He says he could always do these "tricks," ever since he was a kid.

According to him, his grandfather, who d*ed young, could do the exact same thing, but his father, who d*ed a fighter pilot during the Great w*r, couldn't.

His mother wasn't around for him, either.

I owe you one for helping me out.

My name's Smokey.

What's yours? Joestar.

Joseph Joestar.

Battle Tendency JOJO'S BIZARRE ADVENTURE Episode Joseph the Yank But call me Jojo.

Who Who is the man embedded in this pillar?! It's no carving, that much I can tell! He has amino acids, living cells, body temperature, and a pulse! He is very alive! Master Straits, I don't care about what he is, how long he's lived, what his relation to these stone masks is, or what his purpose on God's green Earth is! I asked you here for one single reason.

While he sleeps, I want you to k*ll him and all these stone masks with the Ripple! That is all I ask! How is Joseph Joestar? How does he fare? I seem to recall hearing that he used the Ripple to rescue you.

Why do you ask? I believe it happened when he was 13.

Yes, it was when your plane was h*jacked, and you were held hostage for ransom.

Boyo! We need yer rump up front.

Get up and go.

You h*jacked Great

-Uncle Speedwagon's plane to hold him hostage, right? We might be on this flight together, but I'm not worth a thing to you.

Leave me to my comic papers and go about your business.

I'll have no back

-talk from ye, boyo! Jojo! C

-Crikey! Being struck by these stooges doesn't bother him, but Jojo's easily infuriated over soiling the clothes Erina bought for him! Jojo, don't be hasty now! Hijacking and holding our flight for ransom would imply that you three were also prepared to have a crash landing as well, right?! Was that the Ripple?! The boyo's bonkers! He's trying to k*ll us all! We can't fly! Grab the controls! Hey, we're jumping so grab a seat! You are the most reckless, thoughtless boy I know! I'm not thoughtless.

If anything, my head goes in every direction when it comes to protecting you and Nanna Erina.

You both are all I have to call "family.

" He has Jonathan's face, but he'll never be the gentleman that Jonathan was.

That was the day I learned of Jojo's Ripple aptitude.

So he inherited his grandfather's innate aptitude and talent for the Ripple.

Yes.

But why do you stray from the task at hand? What have you done?! I've just dispatched these men, and once I have dispatched you, Jonathan's nephew will be saddened, but he shall also bear a substantial grudge towards me.

S

-Straits

-! Straits H

-Have you gone off the deep end? No, I swim in the shallows, Speedwagon.

I learned the Art of Mystics to discipline my body against the elements.

But no matter the discipline I've attained all these years, my body continues to wither.

I've become weak.

I have ascended humanity, but not to a satisfactory degree.

As the Ripple cannot halt the hands of time, I admit to having secretly yearned for all that Dio possessed, 50 years ago.

His strength, his beauty, and his immortality! Long have I yearned for the blessings of the stone mask, no matter the lives of others I've sacrificed to attain them! Y

-You really have gone off the deep end, Straits! With your blood, I shall acquire immortality, and the only remaining people who know of the stone mask would be both Erina and Joseph Joestar.

Once I've k*lled them both, I shall dedicate my eternity to uncovering the mysteries of the stone mask that Dio could not! S

-Stop, Straits We still know nothing about the stone mask's purpose Ms.

Erina Jojo! Hey you! Watch where you're walking, you willy

-nilly wack! Scram, you stupid schmo

-schmuck

-schmegeggy! Get outta the way already I beg your pardon? I'm sorry, you'll have to repeat everything you just said again.

Slowly, say it again.

And this time, keep your spiel in English.

Stray from English, and you'll be cruising for a bruising.

Jojo, what are you doing? N

-Nanna Erina! What are you doing to that taxi driver? Um Well, I'm A taxi! I was catching a cab for you, Nanna Erina! My Jojo, that was very thoughtful of you.

Mr.

Smokey, do join us.

Nanna Erina and Joseph were the last of their family, the last of the Joestar Estate.

I learned a little about them in the cab Say Nanna, I know Great

-Uncle Speedwagon was adamant about having us here in New York with him, but he's not even in town to greet us.

The codger's probably on vacation! His work in the oil industry must be keeping him away.

Say Nanna.

Was Great

-Uncle Speedwagon really just Grandpappy Jonathan's best mate, and nothing more? What are you suggesting? Well, that old codger's always been a bachelor, and you've never married, even after Grandpappy passed.

I was simply curious as to whether or not anything ever happened between the two of you.

How dare you disrespect your Great

-Uncle! I'm sorry! I'll never say it again! Nanna, I'm sorry! I know Great

-Uncle Speedwagon was Grandpappy's most faithful friend! Apparently, Joestar Estate heirs had always d*ed young.

When Nanna Erina was young, her husband had d*ed on their honeymoon voyage.

The boy she would give birth to would later wed the girl Nanna Erina saved during that unfortunate voyage, who would later gave birth to Jojo.

Jojo's father lost his life to w*r, and his mother lost hers to sickness.

Regardless, Nanna Erina stayed strong through those tough times.

She's kindhearted to any and all, even to a rotten hood like myself.

I wonder if it was all those lonesome years that made her warmth so comforting Jojo's got that same warmth.

But it was that very kindhearted comfort that got us into trouble that night, all because of my color.

Hey, waiter! Waiter! Yes, sir? Does your establishment cater to smelly swine? Does it?! The stench of that n*gro has ruined the very dish that I dine on! Kick that co*n out! Sir, our restaurant reserves the right to cater to any guest who decides to dine here, granted that they pay for their meal.

Is that a fact?! You'll let this animal eat his own kind, will you?! I think I'd better go Jojo.

Nanna, you wouldn't have me stay my hand, would you? I will not.

Everybody is entitled to their own opinion.

However, when that opinion besmirches the honor of a friend, I won't stand for it.

Teach that boy some manners, without disturbing the other diners! Amen, Nanna.

You're looking for a fight, buddy? I say, old boy! If you're looking for your knuckledusters, you won't find it in your coat pocket! It's in your rear pocket! It couldn't be Now you'll ask, "how the Hell did you know I had knuckledusters, you hooligan?!" How the Hell did you know I had knuckledusters, you hooligan?! Because the fingers on your right hand feature the bruises of knuckleduster usage, implying that you deploy them regularly for fights! Also, your dress shirt is stained with splattered blood! You worked up an appetite before dining tonight! And the very fact that the blood is on your dress shirt, and not your coat, means that you took off your coat before fighting! Therefore, one could only assume that you hid your knuckledusters in your rear pocket after fighting! You'll shout next, "what good will knowing about my knuckledusters do you, you little sh*t!" What good will knowing about my knuckledusters do you, you little sh*t?! Right in the kisser! That'll shut you up.

I'll bet that hurt! It didn't.

How could you mistake this for my face? Do you always throw blind punches, or are you just blind? I can read every fat, pompous pig like a book! But perhaps you were blinded to your true nature, Swine! Please, I'd like to apologize for my subordinate's behavior.

Madam, you must be Erina Joestar.

I was greatly indebted to our mutual friend, Mr.

Speedwagon.

When I was last in London, he told me a great deal about you.

I'm quite relieved to meet you tonight.

Hours ago, I came across unfortunate news that won't be public knowledge for a few days.

Robert Edward O.

Speedwagon has been m*rder.

M

-m*rder?! Rumor has it that his m*rder was a monk from Tibet.

A monk from Tibet Do you mean Mr.

Straits?! I don't know, but this news came from a man in Mexico who fished a few bodies out of a river, including Speedwagon's.

Where and why he was m*rder, as well as the whereabouts of the monk, remain mysteries.

I

-I may know why he was m*rder It had to have dealt with the tale he told me ages ago About Dio and the stone mask His death must've involved one or the other Jojo, this man has mafia ties! You can't trust the Cosa Nostra! He's been paid to feed you lies! And you're entitled to your own opinion.

Old boy, your Zippo's in your breast pocket.

Smokey, I appreciate a mate's word of warning, but I'll have to trust his news.

The Cosa Nostra's only business is making money, and greedy backstabbers like him pride themselves on the authenticity of their news! Nevertheless! Of all the filth that you could have frothed, you just had to pick the worst one to tell my nanna.

How could you upset an elderly woman so?! You shameless scoundrel! Those terrible tales from 1888 have come back to haunt me Why! Fear not, Nanna Erina.

I'll always be here for you.

No Joseph! I fear for you! I fear that you'll share the same fate as your grandfather! There, there.

If I am to perish as he had, then so be it.

At the time, I was utterly at my wit's end.

I had absolutely no idea about what their family had gone through.

Hey, Smokey.

It's chilly

-chills tonight.

Look at the Miriam Gates advert! What's it on? If girls wear these, will they make 'em more "bitchy?" Let's see "Boost your busts from double A's to shining C's.

" Lordy

-lord, don't be bamboozled by this bull My You can get a pair for $1.

25! Let's see now Somehow, I get the feeling that I've seen you before Well old boy, have we met before? Hey, how come you're not puffing cold clouds like I am? Also, I could've sworn I saw a pointy tooth sticking out of your mouth Say something, Straits.

Be it in the streets or not, I shall silence you before your aptitude and talent peaks, Jojo! You'll silence me, will you? I knew he was loony, but "loony" doesn't do him justice! How could he open fire from an open street?! And just where in the world did he get his hands on a Tommy g*n?! I was awaiting your arrival, Straits! I know a few b*ll*ts won't be enough to slay you, but on behalf of Great

-Uncle Speedwagon I'm going to w*r! I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..

In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time Vampires are strong, all right! I'll slash you down to size, Straits! German medicine is the greatest medicine in the world! You know nothing about him! Apologize to him in Hell! Episode The Wizard
I knew he was loony, but "loony" doesn't do him justice! Straits! I could hack your head off, rip it with the Ripple, or strike it with sunlight! Pick your poison, because one of them has to hurt less than the other two! T

-The crazy g*n's in the cafÃ©! Somebody, save us! He'll k*ll us all! Jojo, what were you! What have you done?! Well at a glance, it looks like I'll be working my whole life to pay back Irene's.

Don't be a dope! You k*lled that man! What "man?" You mean Straits? Now what happened here? These b*ll*ts here all appear to have been bent.

Smokey, make like a banana and split! In all honesty, I hope he was still a "man," because if he was, I would only end up in Alcatraz for m*rder the cur.


-You mean he wasn't?! Shush up, sisters! The echoes of your screams irk me ears! b*at it, before I French your face! Shijima no soko kara Once, four folks from the fires of Hell awoke from their pillars after eons of eternal slumber.

mezameru sono hashiratachi toki wo koe Shinku no chishio ga Their ambition for power assembled tachiagaru yuuki wo hikiawaseru the blood of a few b*mb braves.

But one brave, whose fate was bound in his blood, Uketsugu ai wo sadame to yobu nara sh*t a sly smirk at his destined demise.

hohoemu me de tsugi no te wo Yami wo azamuite setsuna wo kawashite He would deceive the darkness and dodge the danger! He would exploit the flaws of the foes he faced! Yaiba surinuke yatsura no suki wo tsuke And his memory would live on for all posterity! Tsuranuita omoi ga mirai wo hiraku He's like a bloody storm! Blazing bloody into a storm, Atsuku like a bloody storm but would he be free of the cursed fate of his family? ketsumyaku ni kizamareta innen ni Who can say, but the bonds of these braves Ukiagaru kienai hokori no kizuna will never be buried.

nigirishimete Episode The Wizard G

-Great Scott! Vampires are vigorous! Dio's downfall stemmed from poor prioritization.

He prioritized experimenting with his powers at his own leisure, rather than k*lling Jonathan, who ultimately ended his existence.

But I won't allow history to repeat itself! I can experiment all I want with my powers after I've k*lled you.

And I will k*ll you, with the final technique Dio used against your grandfather! Empty, are you? I'll empty your skull with my highly

-pressurized blood beams, which I call "Strait's Bloody Streams!" Die, Joseph! Jojo! Arrogance was your undoing.

And now, only Erina Joestar remains.

k*lling her is And now, you'll say, "like taking candy from a baby.

" like taking candy from a baby.

Next, you'll ask, "how could he still be alive with that hole in his skull?" How could he still be alive with that hole in his skull?! Well Straits, if only you would've left your isolated temple in Tibet and seen the world, you might've actually learned something new.

You could've k*lled me if you'd only been more attentive.

Take a good gander at the face on this clock! Nanna Erina told me about how those beams were to blame for Grandpappy's demise! It was a mirror?! A bit slow on the uptake, aren't we? Straits! I've heard that the Ripple mimics the effect of sunlight on vampires! Enjoy this! I'll zap you to bits with this jolt! Now, Ripple energy supposedly melts the visage of vampires, so let's have a look

-see.

Y

-You're not melting! You're not even dying, are you?! I suppose Nanna Erina forgot a detail or two! Unlikely.

But I was right to assume that you would become a great thr*at to my existence.

I'll let you in on my secret.

This muffler was hand

-knit from the dried microscopic bowels of 30,000 Satypolasia beetles, a species of beetles indigenous to Southeast Asia.

This material conducts and disperses Ripple energy quicker than it does the human body, effectively neutralizing the Ripple.

You could consider this muffler akin to a lightning conductor.

I, Straits, am the successor and Lama to the 4,000

-year

-old Art of Mystics.

You cannot hope to defeat one who knows everything there is to know about the Ripple! That is why Dio d*ed! And what a jolly good advert that was.

But what makes you think that I'd limit myself to using the Ripple against you? Unlike you, I'm quick on the uptake! When and how did you attach a grenade to my muffler?! A pathetic parlor trick! You really could learn something new from seeing the world! Take a good gander at that grenade you just pulled! Impossible! H

-He's a goner now! H

-How could he still Smokey, don't look at 'im! Too late! Lord have mercy! Have mercy on my soul, for I shall do no wrong from this day forward, every day! Lordy

-lord, have mercy on us all! H

-He's a monster H

-Hey Jojo, you got anything else up your sleeves? I do, indeed.

You do? Yes, and it's my backup plan.

S

-So, what are you gonna do then? It's a relatively simple plan.

Look at his legs.

They've been blown to bits, but he's slowly building 'em up again.

His recovery will take time.

So, what's your simple plan? We're gonna use our legs! And do what, exactly? We're gonna skedaddle on outta here, Smokey! Clear the road, rubbernecks! That wack's really wacky! Pursue me, Straits! Hold up, Jojo! Though immortal, being blasted to bits takes a toll on the body, and requires a massive amount of energy for regeneration! This'll be great for the tabloids! The more pix I have, the more money I'll make! Lucky me! I'll be a real reporter in no time! His digits can exert pressure of up to 235 kg/cm^2! He can reach a height of up to 4.

22 meters! I

-Is there something behind me? We should be safe from him now I doubt that, Smokey.

Can't you hear it? What's to hear, besides the running of the good ol' Hudson? Not the Hudson, but him! S

-Save me! He found us! We gotta run! This woman is my hostage! If you attempt to flee, I'll k*ll her! But if you can rise to the occasion, I'll release her! You're pulling me leg here! Why would I risk my arse for some broad, you bozo?! Jojo, we gotta go! I present a trial to you! If you flee and leave the woman to my mercy, then you are nothing more than a coward! No longer shall I pursue you, for that blast has left me debilitated and fatigued, but I will never acknowledge you as Speedwagon's avenger.

However, should you choose to face me, then I shall acknowledge your courage! You will become a great thr*at to my very existence.

But before your talent manifests, I shall exhaust every ounce of my energy into k*lling you! You have five seconds before her head flies! Make those five seconds count! If I had a sweetheart for you to take, I'd bust your bozo butt, but instead, you picked a no

-name hideous homegirl for a hostage! Then you wouldn't mind if I destroy her jaw and tear out her throat, while pulling out every organ inside her body as she still breathes.

I doubt proud the successor and Lama to the Art of Mystics would commit such cruelty against a woman Th

-That's her wisdom tooth! Hot damn, he pulled out her wisdom tooth! You son of a bitch! You really pulled out her tooth! I shall show no mercy! Screw you Straits! You asked for it! You're nothing but a vicious vampire now! And you're an atrocious actor, but I knew you were easy to enrage.

I'll slash you down to size, Straits! Die! I just figured out a way to b*at those beams! You nicked me the second time, but you won't catch me off guard the third! Rippled! Wha

-! Tha

-! "That's impossible," is it? That's impossible! I deflected your bloody beams with Rippled sh*t glasses, because I knew you couldn't resist blasting my brain.

Your pattern's just too plain! I want you to beg for Great

-Uncle Speedwagon's forgiveness in Hell! You can rest easy starting tonight, Nanna.

Why did you halt my descent? For all you know, I might have the strength to take that right arm of yours off! Then do it, for chrissake! Just know that if you do, I'll bash your skull in with ol' Lefty here! Answer me this.

Why would you toss Great

-Uncle's corpse into the river?! It just doesn't add up to me! Joseph You really have inherited Jonathan's every trait.

Unlike Jonathan, you are impulsive and easy to enrage, but you possess his penchant for adventuring and meticulous meddling! I shall sate your curiosity and reveal the events that you have now been entangled in! What "events?" They shall unfold in good time.

Beginning with the Man in the Pillar! He'll be the one to change your ways! Could you be any more ambiguous, you damn bozo?! I let their bodies be carried by the river because of him.

He began sucking the blood of the men I k*lled, alike a tree intaking its nutrients from the soil.

This sight unsettled me which is why I discarded their bodies in the river.

But I'm certain his awakening is close at hand! His awakening from two long millenia of sleep! Joseph You shall encounter him soon, and he shall be the one to change your views on man's very existence and evolution! Once you know what he is, you'll understand the machinations of our maker.

I

-Is that the Ripple?! You've channeled the Ripple within your very body?! I regret nothing.

Brief as this was, I am content with descending into the depths of Hell in my youth, rather than wither away as an elder.

Regaining my youth was the greatest ecstasy I could've ever hoped for.

Wait, Straits! I'm not finished yet! Farewell, Jojo! Jojo In 1938, the world would be torn asunder with the advent of World w*r II.

The ambitions of the Third Reich ran rampant throughout the w*r.

They brought the most technological advancements in Chemistry, Astrology, Sorcery, Alchemy, the Paranormal, and the Occult, all into the w*r! They mastered every existing academic discipline known to man, and waged w*r against the world.

Even Straits actions Mexico were no secret from the intelligence they gathered at their base in Mexico.

F

-Forgive my slip, Mayor Stroheim! I

-I just lost control over my hand! Lick it.

You cut my cheek, ja? Lick my cheek, and everything will be wunderbar.

Okey! Be slow and steady with your tongue.

Be gentle, FrÃ¤ulein.

Be steady because I can't feel any pain now.

Be careful now! It's very sharp, ja! Excuse me, SturmbannfÃ¼hrer Stroheim! The injured old man we rescued from the Rio Grande has regained consciousness! We can begin extracting information from him immediately! Hey, give me a sign.

What's your name, Toots? I could give you a lift home if you need.

What was that for?! You called me a "hideous homegirl," didn't you?! Well consider that punch payback, you big ham! Did I really? Indeedy

-do.

You were rippin' that fool for taking a no

-name hideous homegirl hostage.

Really? Golly gee whiz, how could I ever call a such a sexy sweetie hideous? Maybe a little pain will help you remember your words, Jagoff! You busty bitch! Now that she's not numb from fear, she's screaming in agony.

And I'm concerned about that "Man in the Pillar" Straits was singing about.

Make way for me, Mexico! How do you fare, Herr Speedwagon? Tell me if you've ever heard of this European aphorism before.

"When an elder takes his own life, his village shall soon be doomed.

" Perhaps the elder took an unspeakable secret with him, as you had attempted.

Does that secret concern him?! We excavated the pillar from the location of those ruins that we extracted from you.

O Father in Heaven! Why do I not recall the events that he speaks of?! Why didn't you leave me at Death's Door?! It was not by His hand, Herr Speedwagon.

I was the one who saved you from Death's Door, and it was the m*llitary might of the Third Reich that coerced your revelation! Though you are elderly, we know that even under interrogation, you would never break your silence.

You crossed the Atlantic a penniless pauper, and as you slowly starved in the deserts of Texas, you chanced upon crude oil.

Now, your very foundation may alter the course of any economy in the world.

But that pales in comparison to the medical advancements of the Third Reich! Our ambition shall overcome all! You used a truth serum! But what else is there to gain from me?! We need to know everything! Everything that you know! Everything that transpired in your past between Straits and the Joestars! Anything we can use to awaken the Man in the Pillar! D

-Don't! You don't know what you're getting yourself into! He's a greater thr*at than that of the Third Reich! Prepare the subject's chamber for massive blood injections! This experiment must succeed! No quiero morir! LÃ­brame! I have a suggestion.

Everybody must collectively determine a sacrifice.

We require blood for our experiments, and if one must die, then let it be the one that you all choose.

Once everyone's decided, you'll all be freed today.

I

-I will be your sacrifice! If I die, at least the others will be free! Very well, boy.

I commend courageous boys with bravery as big as yours, ja? Only the brave may live to serve the Third Reich.

Spare the boy and execute the others! Commence the experiment! I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..

In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time Your ignorance will cost you your life! I've brought a yank for your cells.

Was it you who dare disturb my slumber? He's going into the ventilation shaft?! Episode The Man in the Pillar
q*eer Quite q*eer, in fact.

I've felt as if somebody's been watching me since the cr*ck of dawn.

But how in the world could they follow my wheels so deep into this desert without me noticing?! They can't.

Perhaps it's plain paranoia You have superior senses.

Even bats would fail to find any trace of my trail in the night, but you have done so in the day! Who the Hell're you?! Why're you trailing me tail?! I am stalking you! By order of mein Reich, I am to capture and extract any information you retain regarding Straits, Joseph Joestar! R

-Regarding Straits?! Mein Reich?! Shijima no soko kara Once, four folks from the fires of Hell mezameru sono hashiratachi toki wo koe awoke from their pillars after eons of eternal slumber.

Shinku no chishio ga Their ambition for power assembled tachiagaru yuuki wo hikiawaseru the blood of a few b*mb braves.

Uketsugu ai wo sadame to yobu nara But one brave, whose fate was bound in his blood, hohoemu me de tsugi no te wo sh*t a sly smirk at his destined demise.

He would deceive the darkness and dodge the danger! Yami wo azamuite setsuna wo kawashite He would exploit the flaws of the foes he faced! Yaiba surinuke yatsura no suki wo tsuke Tsuranuita omoi ga mirai wo hiraku And his memory would live on for all posterity! He's like a bloody storm! Atsuku like a bloody storm Blazing bloody into a storm, ketsumyaku ni kizamareta innen ni but would he be free of the cursed fate of his family? Ukiagaru kienai hokori no kizuna Who can say, but the bonds of these braves nigirishimete will never be buried.

in the Pillar The Man Episode Say Stalker Your m*llitary mug and Stormtrooper speech reeks of sauerkraut! What relation do you Jerries have with either Straits or Speedwagon?! Cough it up! Elsewise, I'll b*at it outta you! You would dare to duel Donovan, an honorary SS

-Sturmmann of the Third Reich, unarmed?! You insult me, you stupid civilian! You can have your ragged carpet back! C

-Cactus spines! Hurra! You'll have to become an elite soldier if you ever hope defeat me, kind! Repeat after me! "Herr Donovan speaks the truth!" Herr Donovan speaks the truth You'll have to enunciate more, ja? You're a hard Herr to hit with those fast feet of yours, so I figured it'd be better to strike you when stationary! Exactly, how does immobility alleviate you of your current predicament? Why does this kaktus expand? Have a good gander, Jerry! I wanted you to whack me to that cactus! Y'see, 95% of a cactus is composed of water, meaning that I may manipulate any cactus's composition with the Ripple! Now cough it up, Donovan! I want to know everything you know! He's alive.

I was afraid the location of Great

-Uncle's body might've remained a mystery I had a feeling But now, I know he's alive.

He's alive, and that's the best news I could ask for! If I could tell Nanna Erina the news now, she'd be so sunny! But no matter what the Jerries do to him, I'll be there to bail him out.

And we'll be back home to see Nanna Erina's sweet smile again! S

-Scheisse! SturmbannfÃ¼hrer Stroheim! Fissures have g*n forming across the pillar! We've already injected five adults

-worth of blood! SturmbannfÃ¼hrer, we still know nothing of the subject's abilities.

Perhaps we should be cautious with the amount of blood we inject! Ja.

But how does the Man in the Pillar absorb the blood of our prisoners? Wait, don't bother answering! Why listen when I can imagine, instead? Herr Speeeeedwagooon! What's got you shaking? Why do you seem so distressed? Your ignorance and conceit shall cost us all our lives! Listen to me.

That chamber is a shelter of sorts.

The iron plates lining the walls are all 50 centimeters thick.

That chamber is fitted with flamethrowers, machine g*n, and even a time

-b*mb.

You're in the safest zoo in the world, and you still fear the growls of caged Grizzlies! Have no fear! Although he was preserved in a pillar for eons, he is nothing more than a troglodyte in tatters to SturmbannfÃ¼hrer Stroheim! We have a leak! It's blood! The blood we've been injecting into the pillar is being purged! The blood's obstructing our observations! Cleanse the chamber with a shower! The subject has shed his stone

-skin, and his body now appears smooth and supple, with a lustrous shine to it! The subject is organic! It bears similar traits to h*m* sapiens! He needs a name, ja? The "Man in the Pillar" tires the tongue.

I shall do a godfather's duty and christen the child! And it shall mean "the withering winds of Mexico," Santana! Santana of Mexico! He's rising to his feet! Now, stand for me! Display your talents for our eyes to behold, Santana! Intriguing! Santana's scratching his head and it's very intriguing, ja? This is the "Omnipotent Organism?!" What's so "omnipotent" about him?! Speculate, Herr Speedwagon! He's ascertaining his surroundings through smell! He's like a confounded caveman! I'll bet he doesn't have an ounce of intelligence, ja? Oh, the hilarity.

Nevertheless, we shall designate "Santana" as the creator of the Stone Mask.

Sturmmann, commence the second stage of our experiment.

Release the subject's stimulus from confinement.

Jawohl! Wh

-What in God's name is that?! A prisoner.

We forced him to wear the Stone Mask.

S

-So he's vampire now! Until a few days ago, he was an ill, toothless elder near Death's Door.

He hasn't had his fill of blood today, so he's eager to quench his thirst! He's a volatile vampire! We'll have to see how Santana reacts to this stimulus! How could he be defeated so quickly?! He's as brittle as a human being! If we lose the subject now, without any data, the experiment will have been for naught! The prisoner had an expl*sive device transplanted into his head! SturmbannfÃ¼hrer Stroheim, should we detonate it?! SturmbannfÃ¼hrer! Detonate the device! S

-Stopp! Don't detonate the b*mb! L

-Look at what's become of his chin, his mandible! A

-And look at his arms They're inside Santana! I was foolish to assume Santana's demise, since Santana was actually absorbing the prisoner's body! Santana's absorbing the prisoner's body as if he's devouring it! What sort of "Omnipotent Organism" is he?! Santana used his entire body to devour the vampire's as his breakfast! A

-And now that he's eaten, the vampire's energy shall surge throughout his body! Mein Gott! He's devoured the vampire! With his body! A

-And his body's grown substantially! Calm your concerns! The subject remains trapped in an impregnable shelter! Only his body mass has increased from devouring the vampire! Wh

-What What of his intelligence? Does he display sapience?! S

-Strohe

-im! S

-Strohe

-im! S

-Strohe

-im! Impossible! He spoke?! H

-He spoke my name, too! He shouldn't be able to hear a single decibel from within that chamber, either! According to Donovan the Pincushion, there's a high

-security facility located 20

-meters underneath that villa.

Great

-Uncle Speedwagon's bound to be there.

But how can I get in, first? Only canned goods, eggs, ham, meats, and vegetables are permissible for carriage beyond this point! Achtung! Everybody gets a frisking! What's the matter now? Smile for me while I frisk you, FrÃ¤ulein! Smile for me and flip those skirts! You may pass! NÃ¤chste! I've brought tequila for your throats, so won't you let me pass, por favor? Hands up, now! Move, and we'll sh**t! What have I done to deserve such treatment?! He's moving, Hansel! Feuer! Don't sh**t me! I

-I won't move anymore, I promise! Crikey! You Jerries really do have eagle eyes! Nobody could've seen through this disguise! You Dummkopf! Anyone could've seen through that disguise! What kind of woman could ever have as much muscle as you, Trottel?! You're a fool to think that your face could ever be as fair as a FrÃ¤ulein's! Come again?! Rippled! Â¡Caramba! You Jerry jerks My face is fair.

Hopefully, things will go smoother with this disguise.

Wh

-What happened?! I

-I don't know! You mean you weren't watching?! SturmbannfÃ¼hrer Stroheim, I

-I looked away for a brief moment You were there, as were the others.

But none of us were looking at him Concentrate on me, not the coffee! I

-It was very brief I looked away for just a few seconds.

I even have a visual acuity of 1.

5! But even I couldn't see what took place within! What I still can't believe is how he managed to vanish from this sealed chamber! There is no trace of physical damage to the walls, either! We just need to be collectively calm and search him out! He must've hidden himself somewhere, where we have no eyes! Cut off the oxygen supply to the chamber! He'll reappear once asphyxiation kicks in! SturmbannfÃ¼hrer, we've finished developing the surveillance footage.

Take it to the movie projector! Jawohl! Start the reel.

He's running towards the wall! Th

-Then is he?! O

-Oh mein Gott! He's gone up the ventilation shaft! H

-How could he possibly break his body to fit into that 4

-by

-20

-centimeter slit?! Th

-This is terrible! He didn't just break his body! He shattered every bone in his skeleton, just so he could squeeze into that slit! Th

-Then that means he's hidden himself somewhere within the ventilation system of this facility! SturmbannfÃ¼hrer, do you recall Santana's first words? It was your name! He must've heard it through the chamber's ventilation exhausts! Then this control center is connected to the chamber's ventilation shaft?! Sturmmann, step away from the ventilation shaft's exhaust! Jetzt! S

-Santana's struck the Sturmmann! SturmbannfÃ¼hrer Stroheim What's happened?! It's so dark, and I can't see a thing! Why are the lights out?! Santana snuck himself into that stormtrooper's body! Mein BrÃ¼der, where have you all gone?! Don't leave me behind! I don't know why, but I've never felt so alive until now! What have we done? If Santana escapes, he will become a thr*at to the ambition and existence of das Vaterland! He must die! Santana must be slain! sh**t him! Send off our fallen Sturmmann with a symphony of shells! He's still alive! As I feared! Machine g*n just aren't enough to k*ll him! How can he stand?! Why's he pointing his finger at us? What's he trying to do?! W

-Wait! He's mimicking the barrel of a g*n! Perhaps he's merely mimicking our actions! M

-My name was the only one he's uttered so far, because that's the only one he's ever heard! There's no logic to mere mimicry! P

-Perhaps he has no mental capacity for sapience! If he can only mimic our actions without any reasoning, he can be controlled! Was it you Teutonic tribesmen who dared to disturb my dreams? H

-He formed a sentence! It's no "monkey see, monkey do" with him! H

-He's demonstrating an advanced degree of sapience! He's already ascertained our speech of the English language! Now die.

What?! H

-He's absorbed and accumulated our b*ll*ts in order to fire them from his finger! Herr Oldboy, I suggest you come with me and stay hidden for a while! He'll start f*ring his fingers off in any second! Nay! I desire no assistance from men of the Third Reich! Well gee whiz Even when you're in a pickle, you're still the same stubborn codger.

H

-He perplexes my mind to no end! S

-Stay away! Hello Jerry, I'll be needing your hair.

A bundle of it, in fact.

Au

-aua

-autsch! What are you doing to me?! Pulling out a bit of the ol' Barnet! How dare you offend the hair of an Offizier! Who are you? I

-Impossible, I recognize that impulsiveness! I call this my Barnet Fair Ripple! It you! It really is you, Joseph Joestar! Barnet Barrier! Jerry, your Aryan hair's looking pretty limp! Spruce it up a bit with a splash of egg white to prevent balding, Stormtrooper.

How on Earth did you find me?! Hello, Great

-Uncle! Ha ir I'll tell you later, because I've gotten myself into one smelly pickle.

I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..

In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time So this is what true sapience means! He's got me shaking! SeÃ±or Santana, let's sing! Enough, you pathetic caveman! He's absorbing my leg through its wound! Episode Jojo VS.

The Omnipotent Organism
Jojo! So you are Jojo, ja? You listen to me, and you listen well.

Santana is responsible for creating the Stone Mask, which he uses to transform humans in order to absorb their potent vampiric powers.

He is a thr*at to humanity! Santana must be k*lled! Be careful, Jojo! Think fast! I caught you off guard, you chatty chap.

Top o' the mornin' to ya.

Nice tae meit ye! Nice tae meit ye! SeÃ±or Santana, lets speak some Scottish! One and two and Nice tae meit ye! Once, four folks from the fires of Hell Shijima no soko kara mezameru sono hashiratachi toki wo koe awoke from their pillars after eons of eternal slumber.

Shinku no chishio ga Their ambition for power assembled the blood of a few b*mb braves.

tachiagaru yuuki wo hikiawaseru But one brave, whose fate was bound in his blood, Uketsugu ai wo sadame to yobu nara sh*t a sly smirk at his destined demise.

hohoemu me de tsugi no te wo He would deceive the darkness and dodge the danger! Yami wo azamuite setsuna wo kawashite Yaiba surinuke yatsura no suki wo tsuke He would exploit the flaws of the foes he faced! And his memory would live on for all posterity! Tsuranuita omoi ga mirai wo hiraku He's like a bloody storm! Blazing bloody into a storm, Atsuku like a bloody storm ketsumyaku ni kizamareta innen ni but would he be free of the cursed fate of his family? Ukiagaru kienai hokori no kizuna Who can say, but the bonds of these braves nigirishimete will never be buried.

Jojo VS.

the Omnipotent Organism Episode Nice tae meit ye! Why are you trying to confuse him?! Are you trying to get yourself k*lled?! Honestly, who could really say that he's bad to the bone? I'm trying to get acquainted with him.

I think that if you treated him nice from the start, he might've cooperated.

Don't be so delusional! He m*rder all of my men! So what? You Limburger

-smelling bastards deserved it! I would want you dead too, if you treated me like a guinea pig and sh*t at me! As for why I'm here, I came to bring Great

-Uncle Speedwagon back to the Big Apple.

I have no quarrel with SeÃ±or Santana here.

So sing with me! Nice tae meit ye! Where are his manners? He just brushed me off without a single glance.

I'm pretty perturbed now.

Fine.

I'll trip him up and make him kiss the floor in return! H

-He walked through me leg?! A

-And what was that feeling I just felt?! What is this "thing?" What purpose does this "thing" serve? New sentences! He's made many comprehendible sentences now, which means that he's already mastered the syntactic rules of Modern English! H

-Hot damn! He's disassembling that machine g*n like a watchmaker to his watch! It requires hours of undeterred focus and attention to learn g*n disassembly, and yet H

-He is demonstrating that he does possess the mental capacity to learn! Luminous Never, have I beheld such luminance Your people didn't take any lessons away from this experiment, but he took plenty from us all! Say SeÃ±or! If you can speak, then return my greetings! Anybody home? Jojo, stop that! Enough of your begging, you caveman of contempt! Holy mackerel! Ribcage Ripper! Also known as versatilis cavea thoracis! Any rib may be retracted to protrude externally outside the thoracic wall! Jojo! Scintillae? Only flint and tinder can create scintillae I could not devour this human and he was lofted away.

Nor could I devour his leg, either.

Never have I met so unusual a human.

Is this human the only one with such talents, or are all the humans of this era the same as him? He is the only one with such talents.

Jojo! He's in my head! Great

-Uncle Get your stinking mitts outta my Great

-Uncle! You are bad to the bone! I'm gonna bust your bad butt into a bust for The Met! Humans have evolved some, since I was last awake.

Take a big bite outta my Ripple

-sandwich! Th

-The Ripple's making blood float off the floor?! It's not hurting him! My Ripple energy's being dispersed over his body and onto the floor, like rain running off a trench coat, causing the blood to float! His flesh works exactly like Straits's muffler because it acts like a lightning conductor! This human's energies are repelling my own M

-My hand is whole! W

-Well whaddya know? Curling my fist down to my wrist in a split kept my hand whole! But golly gee whiz, the Ripple's useless against him.

What do I do now? You're wrong! It's not completely useless! The Ripple is acting as a barrier against him! It's preventing his body from devouring you whole! What good does that do him?! It's like eating Kugelfisch, ja? k*ll it first, and then remove all the parts with tetrodotoxin before eating! The Ripple is the tetrodotoxin to Santana, but he need only k*ll him first! What a pickle of a predicament this is! There has to be a way! At least a way outta here, so that we all survive! No, you Dummkopf!! Santana must not escape! He's a grave thr*at to all humanity! Shuddap! It was you and your Jerries who got us into this mess to begin with! And now, you expect me to save all of humanity because of your idiocy?! I'll bet I can channel the Ripple into you with this Kn*fe! His skin's like rubber, and it's stopping the Kn*fe from tearing though! But how will you manage to avoid me now?! I'll channel the Ripple straight into your sockets! This plan'll work like a charm! B

-Bloody Hell! He rendered his whole head rubbery! Jump away while you still can, Jojo! Jojo! His diaphragm's been struck hard, so he'll be gasping for a while! So, the human's energies are born from his blood and breathing.

However, he is a mere mortal when unconscious.

Jojo! Use Ripple Respiration! Respire, goddammit! For the love of God, use Ripple Respiration! Jojo! Th

-That's it! I'm gonna blow us all to kingdom come! May the Third Reich live for ein

-TausendjÃ¤hr

-! Stop that speech, Stroheim! Keep your pantyhose on! I was waiting for this from the get

-go! If I couldn't get past his skin, then I'd get under his skin! I figured I could channel the Ripple from within him! Jojo! I was waiting for you to take the bait! Here comes the clincher! Be Rippled to shreds! I

-I get it now! After seeing into his stomach, I understand how his spooky body absorbed everything he devoured! Every cell in his body secretes gastric acid for digestion, which breaks down anything his body devours! That explains why his body can devour others, and grow from absorbing those nutrients! I'm only whole because I channeled the Ripple into him before his cells began secretion! Still, your Ripple powers aren't developed enough! He survived the Ripple you channeled because it lacked potency! Trying to put yourself back together, eh? I saw how Straits did it during our duel, so I was waiting for you to do the same! Stroheim! Stay sharp, Stormtrooper! Can sunlight k*ll him?! I

-It can, Herr Joestar! The murals in the ruins depicted the very effect of sunlight! Sunlight can k*ll Santana! That is why he created the Stone Mask, to withstand sunlight! Why are you showing him the way out, Herr Joestar?! We can't let him escape from here! I'm gonna let the sunlight finish the job I started! Joseph's gasping for air! He's fought well without discipline, but without Ripple Respiration training, he can't store Ripple energy for prolonged fights! This is as far as you will go, you contemptible caveman! Jojo! Respire, goddammit! I'd love to, but keeping this k*ller

- diller from k*lling me is exhausting! Why did you have to be such a pisser?! Now, I'm gonna drag your arse up these stairs, and personally watch you burn to death! What the

-?! I feel heavy M

-My body's being weighed down! Wh

-What in the bloody Hell's going on?! Brawn Bloodsuckers! Also known as sarcosanguisuga! Santana's flesh is stuck to him! Th

-They're sucking my blood! Y

-You trifling twit! Sunlight! You are the first human I have met with such mettle since my awakening.

SturmbannfÃ¼hrer Stroheim shall unleash the sunlight! All that remains is opening this door.

It's the least I can do.

S

-Stroheim You insolent idiots I was only centimeters away, too! Cease your struggle.

Good grief! Herr Joestar! Do me a favor! What ever could it be, goddammit?! I'm trying to figure out a way outta this pickle, so shut your trap! Listen to me! Do you see those axes on that wall? Grab one, and use it to sever my leg! C

-Come again?! Cut my leg off, Dummkopf! Once you do, I can reach the doorknob! W

-Why the Hell would you even ask me to cr*pple you?! Be quick about it! His body will begin accumulating soon! Shuddap! I'm not a g*dd*mn surgeon, so don't even ask me again! I am an honorary SS

-SturmbannfÃ¼hrer of the Third Reich! I was disposed to death the moment I accepted this assignment! I would willingly give both my legs and arms for the sake of das Vaterland! He's almost whole, Herr Joestar! I told you to shuddap! Keep nagging me, and I really will cut your g*dd*mn leg off! CUT MY LEG OFF! Blimey! I thought he was all title and no talent, but he's really willing to go all the way! My hat's off to you for your dedication to your duty, Stroheim! Timber! And now, I'm gonna enjoy watching you burn to death! Is he dead? Wh

-What's he doing?! He's going up through the wound in my leg! No you don't! I

-I don't believe it! He burrowed himself inside Stroheim's body, instead of mine! Santana's inside my body! Th

-This monster just won't take a hint! His tenacity towards life is extraordinary! So long as he stays inside Stroheim, he'll remain immune to sunlight! W

-Wunderbar Terrifically wunderbar! Would you like to know what's so wunderbar? I can't feel the crippling pain in my leg any longer! In fact, it feels absolutely euphoric! Stroheim! A

-A grenade?! Y

-You wouldn't! Herr Joestar! Today, you have witnessed the feats of Santana, the Omnipotent Organism! Now that he's within me, I'm as good as dead.

At the very least, I know I'll be taking him with me.

But before I'm blown, I need to divulge to you our intelligence.

My only regret is that I'll be informing an enemy of the Third Reich! We didn't awaken Santana in the middle of a Mexican desert without good reason! Whaddya mean?! Why're you telling me now?! Listen! You have an obligation to hear what I have to say! Our researchers in the Third Reich located others like Santana in the catacombs of a certain city in Europe! I

-It can't be! Speak sense and say it ain't so, Stroheim! Santana wasn't the only Man in the Pillar we found The Third Reich has sought to uncover the mysteries of an ancient species of h*m* which existed nearly 2,000 years ago, known as "Pillar Men.

" They will be awakened soon, and if we cannot discover any other susceptibilities aside from sunlight, humanity as we know it will be doomed! For this reason, we awakened Santana in order to collect data on his abilities and vulnerabilities! In 1888, your grandfather started the w*r against the Stone Mask, but now, it is your obligation, your fate, to end that w*r! Herr Joestar! Your Ripple powers are far too flaccid to be effective against them! Head for Rome! There is a Ripple Master in Rome! Herr Speedwagon is well

-acquainted with this master! S

-Santana's using my body to try and escape into that well! But the moment I explode, Santana will be exposed to sunlight! Stroheim Why?! "The might of mankind is made ever evident, as it stands stalwart in the face of fear.

" These were the words of the great Greek bibliographer, Plutarchus.

Auf Wiedersehen.

I bid you farewell, you accursed island ape! Don't do it! I still have more to ask! Goddammit, you stupid stormtrooper! Why'd you have to be so selfless?! Santana!!! Step aside! Failure to obey shall result in death, Jojo! I need to store Ripple energy through Ripple Respiration! Fly aside! I felt naught but an apathetic intent to k*ll from that clash! A

-And now you'll say, "you cannot defeat me, you contemptuous caveman!" You cannot defeat me, you contemptuous caveman! It's about midday now, meaning that the sunlight from above will begin refracting off the water below! You're like an overcooked full breakfast now! The thought of a sundial should've crossed your mind before you leapt into a trap, caveman! I won't let you hit the water until you're dead! Th

-The sunny

-sun saved my buns and the sunlight's completely turned him into stone! I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..

In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time Your grandfather caused mine to die! At least I can attract these pigeons! We're in control so long as these UV rays still shine! Awaken, my masters! Episode The Onmipotent Organisms of Yore
The Grit of Gallantry Episode 15 Rome What the blazes could this be?! Does this hotel serve its guests spaghetti drenched in dreck ink?! Of course not, Signor.

This is spaghetti al nero di seppia, spaghetti cooked in fresh squid ink.

Squid ink? Ã squisito.

Delish! It is exquisite! Scrummy! This hotel's standards have lowered, as they've allowed animals to dine inside now.

Signorina.

I have a gift for you.

It's lovely! I'd love for you to remember me with this, every night before you go to bed.

Oh no! What a snob! How could he say that with a straight face?! His jazz is giving me jaw the jitters! Oh, but before you take it it needs some pizazz.

Magic, to make our love last forever.

Lordy, do I loathe louts like him! And while we're at it, let's seal the deal with a kiss.

Show

-off! That snob's trying to rile me up with his spoonery! That's it! I will ruin him with the Ripple.

When it strikes, the squid ink will stay waterproof for a while.

Wha

-?! D

-Did he use the Ripple?! He did! Mi scusi.

You have a call from a Signor Speedwagon, Signorino Caesar Zeppeli.

Mamma mia.

I'll answer it.

W

-Wait! So the Caesar Zeppeli we flew all the way here to meet is that snobbish Casanova?! Shijima no soko kara Once, four folks from the fires of Hell awoke from their pillars after eons of eternal slumber.

mezameru sono hashiratachi toki wo koe Shinku no chishio ga Their ambition for power assembled the blood of a few b*mb braves.

tachiagaru yuuki wo hikiawaseru Uketsugu ai wo sadame to yobu nara But one brave, whose fate was bound in his blood, hohoemu me de tsugi no te wo sh*t a sly smirk at his destined demise.

He would deceive the darkness and dodge the danger! Yami wo azamuite setsuna wo kawashite He would exploit the flaws of the foes he faced! Yaiba surinuke yatsura no suki wo tsuke Tsuranuita omoi ga mirai wo hiraku And his memory would live on for all posterity! He's like a bloody stream! Atsuku like a bloody storm He's blazing like a bloody stream ketsumyaku ni kizamareta innen ni But would he be free of the cursed fate of his family? Who can say, but the bonds of these braves Ukiagaru kienai hokori no kizuna nigirishimete will never be buried.

Plorkyeran left this commercial in.

I had no idea he was into Accel World Episode The Omnipotent Warriors of Yore The Speedwagon Foundation was founded in 1910, shortly after its founder amassed a fortune from finding and refining crude oil.

The Speedwagon Foundation 

- Washington D.

C.

Headquarters The Foundation's public purpose was the provision of "benefits in kind" to workers in Medicine, Pharmaceuticals, Archaeology, and a substantial number of other academic fields.

The Foundation's true purpose was uncovering the mysteries of the Stone Mask! The subject is being exposed to ultraviolet light.

Please put on this mask.

Send in the snake! The snake's been absorbed! Santana still lives! Absorbing organisms within his proximity is his defense mechanism! Without exposure to UV rays, he would regain mobility.

Inconceivable! How can this creature be k*lled?! What steps can be taken against an immortal organism that devours even vampires?! Do not be too concerned, Mr.

Speedwagon.

So long as we keep Santana exposed to our artificial UV rays, he won't regain mobility.

Indeed, he won't! That's one less thing for us to worry about.

With time on our side, we'll be able to complete a thorough analysis for any susceptibilities.

This photograph was taken in the cavernous ruins from which Santana was excavated.

Look closely.

They each have horns of various shapes protruding from their skulls! If the subject at the very bottom is a depiction of Santana, who could these three be?! According to the late Major, the Third Reich has discovered these remaining three subjects in the catacombs of Rome.

Those Krauts! From the positioning of the Pillar Men in this mural, it may be depicting an inherent form of social stratification.

Jojo and I will follow the last lead of the late Major, and fly to Rome to meet a Ripple user.

That Ripple user is the grandson of the Will A.

Zeppeli Caesar Zeppeli! Say Signora, from where do you hail? Come to watch the water, have you? Would you like your picture taken with it? The pigeons of Rome are rather receptive to rubbernecks, though I can't say the same for Casanova over there! Come now, boys! I've made the introductions, so at least give each other a proper greeting! Signor Speedwagon, I'd like to make one thing clear.

In 1888, upon the death of my grandfather, my father willingly devoted his life to uncovering the mysteries of the Stone Mask! In Italy, the charge of a father becomes his childrens'! I have devoted myself as he, for an honorable charge it be! But what of his charge?! Until three months ago, he hadn't a single clue of his grandfather's past! I have no respect for a man who doesn't care for his clan! Say that again! Say it, and I'll make you regret it! Caesar, you're mistaken.

I was the one who kept everything about his grandfather a secret from him.

Then that matter is settled.

You piqued my interest when you said that he defeated both Straits and a Man in the Pillar, and so I waited in the hotel's ristorante to judge him for myself.

After witnessing his Ripple powers, I was disappointed to say the least.

His powers lack potency! I'm willing to bet that the Man in the Pillar tripped into the well! You

-! I refuse to lend a hand to this flaccid frocio! The only reason he lacks control is because he's not formally

-! The time for talk is over, Great

-Uncle.

I'm gonna cream this queenie here.

Unlikely.

Your Ripple powers aren't even potent enough to overpower this woman.

In that case, I'd wager that yours couldn't curb these birds! You're irking me, Eyetie! I love irking others, but I can't stand being irked! Y

-You've manipulated the lady with a Rippled Kiss?! Mi ripeto.

Your powers aren't potent enough to overpower that woman.

Sh

-Should I intervene? No.

It's a trying test, but if he cannot overcome this trial, he'll never learn.

You proved my point.

Because of your grandfather's incompetence, William A.

Zeppeli met an unfortunate end! I refuse to keep the company of any Joestar! Caesar, that's enough! Th

-That's it You can irk me all you like, but I won't let you besmirch the memory of my grandfather! I have a technique that can k*ll the Pillar Men! A breathtaking technique! The Ripple Bubble Blaster! I have concealed in my gloves and guise devices for dispensing specialized soap bubbles! Fly back to the zoo from whence you came, you filthy animal! I can't

-! I'll commend you for keeping conscious, but your feeble Ripple powers won't burst my bubbles.

I've noticed that your respiration is in disarray now.

Asphyxiate for all I care! Now you'll say, "Signorina, I'll undo my magical Ripple now.

" Signorina, I'll undo my magical Ripple now.

When you had her choke me, I snuck a Rippled dove down her throat.

I knew you couldn't resist kissing her to undo your Rippled Kiss, Casanova! I repeat.

I knew your Ripple powers couldn't curb those birds! For chrissakes What is this queenie's contention? What kind of obnoxious twat needs to prance their rear into a rocker? This eyetie irks me to no end.

The mook's mocking me just because he has that unique technique.

I guess I'll have to make up my own.

Oh, but the required effort on my behalf doesn't warrant it.

I'll show him who's King 'round here, with my card technique! What's the meaning of this, Jojo? Deal the cards straight.

They are straight.

Looks pretty crooked to me.

You won't sneak any cheat by me! W

-Well whaddya know? The cat's outta the bag.

Not surprising though, since the only way you could ever b*at me is by cheating.

Then would you care to explain the shiny polish of your shoe, cheater? Got a problem, wildman?! I do indeed, Eyetie! Caesar! Do tell me what we've been sitting here, waiting eight whole hours for.

What are we waiting for? Our escort, of course! Hey, that's one of Third Reich's Jerries! We're clear to go.

The Third Reich has the catacombs placed under heavy surveillance.

He's our ride inside.

He is?! Germany and Italy share an alliance, and the Third Reich's dying to make scientific sense of my Ripple powers.

And the only reason they've allowed you two Englishmen entryway into the catacombs was because I practically begged them to let you see the Pillar Men.

Herr Speedwagon.

We require the intelligence you possess.

Before they awaken, we need your help to discover any susceptibilities they may have.

Say Mark, how fares your sweetheart back in Germany? F

-Funny you should mention her When I return home next week, we're going to get married! You are?! Mamma mia! Congratulazioni! Y'know, I was the one who taught Mark how to find this girl through flirting, sÃ¬? Great, but could you watch where you're driving?! Get your bloody chin off of the steering wheel already! On that note, Jojo, you wouldn't happen to have a sweetheart, would you? I doubt you would.

What kind of girl would want a wildman like you? You'd have better luck locating Nessie than finding yourself a sweetheart! Clam it, Casanova! You're really irking on me nerves! I need to come up with my own Ripple technique to prove my prowess! There's something amiss, ja? Wh

-What's with that hole?! Keep calm! They're trapped under UV ray exposure and cannot move! Analyze the cavity, but proceed with the utmost caution! Jawohl! The sacrifice of SturmbannfÃ¼hrer Stroheim and his squad have taught us to be cautious with Pillar Men.

Once we've excavated the subjects from these catacombs, we'll have them sealed in a bunker in das Vaterland.

How did this cavity appear? There's not enough light to see inside.

Try looking in there.

I

-I can hear something A horn! Th

-The subject couldn't have awakened! Set the radiation output on those lights to maximal! Jawohl! I

-It's blocked the UV lights with a mix of blood and bodily fluids! I pondered the state of Man's strength after two millenia of slumber but dependence upon such lackluster luminance imply declination.

I

-It speaks! The lucent tools of Teutons mayn't withhold the will of Wham! Our hands are joined! Whammo! Awaken, my masters! So, la Bocca della VeritÃ  leads to the catacombs containing the Pillar Men! Overwhelming is this ghastly ambiance Caesar, have you ever tried channeling Ripple energy through those monsters? The Ripple is only effective against living matter, and therefore, has very little effect against their bodies while petrified.

In order for the Ripple to have any effect, they'd have to awaken.

I thought you said there was heavy surveillance! Looks pretty empty around these parts! It's too quiet, I tell you! Then why don't you keep it quiet? H

-He's right.

The SS of the Third Reich are nowhere in sight.

For certain? Hey, I think I just stepped on something! The sound of it was something quite atrocious! What in the Hell is this?! Th

-These are Skins of the SS! Th

-They've been exterminated! It can't be! Jerry, get your silly keister back here! Th

-There's something over there! Bloody Hell! Good Heavens! Th

-They're already awake! Run Mark, run! Mark!!! Mark?! Caesar save me! Mark! They didn't pay us any heed! From their lack of reaction and the way that their man just devoured this poor Jerry they disregard human life in the same manner that we do when stepping on ants! The world beyond is enshrouded in darkness, is it not? It is, Master Khars.

What is the will of my masters? We shall seize the eve and seek out the Red Stone of Aja.

Once we find it, we will insert it into this impression, and the Stone Mask shall be supreme.

Be that as it may, Master Esidisi, human civilization has greatly evolved since we were last awake.

It was rumored that the Roman Emperor, Julius Caesar, possessed the Red Stone of Aja, but neither he nor his empire may be remaining in this era.

Then we must seek the current whereabouts of the Red Stone of Aja.

The prized possession of the Roman Emperor mayn't go unnoticed nor unheard by his subjects, the populace.

I shall seek and procure the Red Stone of Aja.

All in good time.

For the moment, let us ascend these depths and observe the state of human civilization.

Wham! How dare you strike at your superior! Enough, Esidisi! A thousand pardons, Master Khars! You always did detest the act of having your shadow tread upon, and I had perished the thought of the conditioned consequences.

Two millenia have passed since our slumber.

I've wronged my master and his retribution be just! Deliver upon me the justice that is due! I wouldn't dare maim my loyal servant.

Rather, I require that your conditioned reflexes remain, for my own sake.

It was I who wronged you by treading upon your shadow.

Forgive me, Wham.

Master Khars Come, Wham.

Aiens! Caesar! k*ll me! k*ll me, now! Mark! Th

-The pain is returning to me! It hurts! The pain is starting to overwhelm the numbness from shock I beg of you to k*ll me, Caesar! Mark! I

-I can't help him! I can't do a damn thing for the guy! I can't help but feel gut

-wrenching guilt right now! C

-Caesar You Grazie, Caesar Mark! Mark was a normal man A normal man who gave everything for his family, his sweetheart, and his country.

He was a normal, hardworking man who was devoted to his duty He was just a normal man! Caesar! Jojo, this quarrel doesn't concern you! I will avenge him! For my own sanity, I have to avenge him! Along the drifting cloud the eagle searching Down on the land Catching the swirling wind the sailor sees The rim of the land The eagle's dancing wings create as weather Spins out of hand Go closer hold the land feel partly no more Than grains of sand We stand to lose all time a thousand answers By in our hand Next to your deeper fears we stand Surrounded by million years I'll be the roundabout The words will make you out 'n' out I'll be the roundabout The words will make you out 'n' out Next Time Be a bit more sporting, why dont'cha? I told you to proceed.

He's a scumbag! The clan of Mystics Taste the God's Grain Gale! Episode The Grit of Gallantry
You damned Pillar Men! Face me! Taste my breathtaking Bubble Blaster! Shijima no soko kara Once, four folks from the fires of Hell awoke from their pillars after eons of eternal slumber.

mezameru sono hashiratachi toki wo koe Shinku no chishio ga Their ambition for power assembled the blood of a few b*mb braves.

tachiagaru yuuki wo hikiawaseru But one brave, whose fate was bound in his blood, Uketsugu ai wo sadame to yobu nara sh*t a sly smirk at his destined demise.

hohoemu me de tsugi no te wo He would deceive the darkness and dodge the danger! Yami wo azamuite setsuna wo kawashite Yaiba surinuke yatsura no suki wo tsuke He would exploit the flaws of the foes he faced! And his memory would live on for all posterity! Tsuranuita omoi ga mirai wo hiraku He's like a bloody stream! He's blazing like a bloody stream Atsuku like a bloody stream But would he be free of the cursed fate of his family? ketsumyaku ni kizamareta innen ni Ukiagaru kienai hokori no kizuna Who can say, but the bonds of these braves nigirishimete will never be buried.

The Grit of Gallantry Episode C

-Could this power be They do work! I really hate to admit it, but Caesar's bubbles do pack a punch! You're surrounded and trapped by my bubbles now! I'll keep the bubble barrier up until you all burst! H

-He burst your bubbles Your Bubble Blaster! He didn't burst them by making contact with the braids on his circlet, either.

The wind he made from waving those braids burst my bubbles! So his circlet protects him from any Ripple energy! They understand the Art of Mystics doctrines! They must've made contact with Ripple users over two

-thousand years ago! Wh

-What is this force that surrounds these three?! Caesar, get down now! I

-I'm bleeding? Close your eyes! He didn't just create wind! He created waves of miniature whirlwind projectiles! Caesar! The Mystics survived The descendants of those meddling mystics we annihilated two millenia ago waited in these very catacombs for our awakening? One cut or two to my face shall not assuage my anger! I shall have vengeance, even if it costs me both eyes! Wh

-Why do you scoff at me so?! The Mystics always spoke similar as you.

In fact, every Mystic we encountered during our search for the Red Stone of Aja spoke similar as you.

"I will k*ll you, even if it costs my arms and eyes.

" "I shall have vengeance for the death of my companion!" We scoff at your simplicity.

V

-Vaffanculo! Let us begin our search for the Red Stone of Aja.

H

-Halt! Halt, you cowards! The susceptibilities of all Mystics reside in both their throat and lungs! Without respiration, your Ripple powers would be rendered useless.

I speak the Wise Words of Wham to all challengers.

"Challenge me when you're stalwart in spirit and sound in strength.

" The second time you do, I will respect the strength that you've worked to obtain, and honor your dedication with decapitation.

The whelp is without other Mystic companions.

Then let us be off.

Over here, bozos.

I'm a Mystic you've overlooked.

Only your eyelid's been nicked bad.

Your eyeball's all right, Eyetie.

That was breathtaking all right.

Your technique got b*at, so have yourself a seat.

I'll whack these wackos for you.

Jojo! It's about time I unveil my very own incredible, indisputable, inscrutable Ripple technique.

Your what?! I suppose an introduction's due.

The name's Joseph Joestar, the man who busted one of your own boys into a bust.

I call these my Ripple Bolas.

First, I'll start by channeling Ripple energy into 'em.

Oh no! Jojo, are you daft?! Why would you horse around now, of all times?! Get a clue, culo! I'm trying to avenge my friend here! So am I, Eyetie.

I'm pretty tiffed about your friend's death, too.

I'm fuming, in fact.

But it's the arrogance of these arseholes that really takes the cake! I want you blokes to watch real carefully! Be mystified by my Ripple Bolas! I hate to admit it, but my Ripple powers do lack potency! But all I have to do is channel Ripple energy through these big bolas here! This combination makes up for my lack of potency! Ingenious, if I do say so myself! Give it a whirl! Let's leave.

Disappointing.

Compared to the men of yore, the present race of Man must've undergone devolution.

Devolution, Master? Indeed.

Jojo, are you even trying?! Tossing a pair of steel balls won't do much! Jojo might actually be making an earnest effort to duel them! But this tactic would only work on the ogres of Ogre Street! Jojo's nothing more than a sideshow attraction to the Pillar Men! He's entertaining them with his antics! Goddammit! Belittle me, will you?! Don't walk away, Wack! I'll bash you from behind! I advise against it.

The lifespan of a human is short enough already.

Enjoy what time you have left on this Earth.

You don't say! I ate some squid ink spaghetti that looked pretty unappetizing, but it turned out to be very flavorful! Your opinion only matters after you've had a taste of my Ripple Bolas! His bolas have disappeared! I've been working on the railroad All the live

-long day! Th

-Those are So, do you get it yet? I'll bet you haven't.

Then I suppose I'll just have to show you! How could he strike so impossible a pose?! He's swerving faster than Santana ever did! And Jojo tossed away his bolas before he could even hit him! I'll commend you for your whimsical use of w*apon.

You've caught my intrigue.

I shall award you one minute.

One whole minute.

That's all the time you'll have to duel me.

Jojo! I've severed the veins in your wrist! You'll have to repair your blood vessels soon, but you need to decide how best to spend your minute, or else you will die from desanguination.

The fight for your life has g*n! I shall share the Wise Words of Wham once more.

"Time is of the essence And your essence is our timer.

" We shall await above, Wham.

Whelp, go and retrieve your steel balls.

What's that? Did I hear you right? "Retrieve my balls?" "Retrieve my bloody balls?!" Quite the contrary.

My balls require no retrieval, whatsoever.

I call it my Bolas Boomerang! The fight for your life will be over in a minute! Allow me to honor the absurdity of your arrogance towards mankind with a good bludgeoning! I'll channel Ripple energy into your body afterwards! Very well.

Strike at me more.

Know that you have the honor of being the first human to ever foul my face.

An honor that I grant unto you, before your inevitable death! No human's ever mucked up your mug before?! Time to change that! Your arrogance brought upon my anger from your ignorance of poor Mark's demise! I think it's time you learned something called "humility!" Something's wrong! I don't think his arm's welling up from the pain! Wh

-What'cha got going on there, Wham? You were wise to be hesitant in your advance.

I've allowed for your barrage to serve as discipline, as a warning against future negligence.

But the duration for discipline has now elapsed.

Jojo, channel the Ripple into him already! Savor my Sacred Sandstorm! C

-Cor blimey! Wham dislocates his left arm and revolves it clockwise, and also dislocates his right arm, revolving it counterclockwise! Jojo's jocular genius was jarred into jam after witnessing the incredible rotary force of Wham's giant fists! The destructive force of Wham's revolving fists created a violent vortex in between, manifesting what appeared to be a sphere of sandstorms! H

-He's contorting this massive marble pillar like a wet rag being wrung! His powers are nothing short of supernatural! Jojo! Thus, is my Sacred Sandstorm.

J

-Jojo! S

-Stay here! You need to split, Signor Speedwagon.

I'll do what I can to keep him here! The blood of my brow obstructed my accuracy, but he did not escape to the posterior of the pillar without being severely wounded.

He has perished.

Although I needn't bother with these infants, the very fact that they witnessed my bludgeoning necessitates their deaths.

Make your peace.

Hallucinatus.

I

-Is he trying to! The audacity of him! He's trying to escape! How could he resort to playing dead?! Myself aside, how dare he leave Signor Speedwagon to this thing's mercy?! That scumbag! That wack really packs a whammy of a wallop! My respiration's a mess now, so the Ripple's of no use to me! I've only got my backup plan left I have to get away! Behold the depressing state of our gallant protagonist.

He's crawling to safety while playing dead! He's even abandoned his Great

-Uncle Speedwagon! Nevertheless, the grit of our gallant protagonist is not at all lost! Watch! So you did survive! You coward! Did you think that you would elude the wisdom of Wham?! I only needed to lead your wisdom astray and into this mine trolley with me.

I was home free the moment I got in here! So you feigned cowardice in order to lure me into this contraption, allowing the other two to escape? You fell for another one of my schemes.

Get outta here while you still can, Great

-Uncle! Caesar, that includes you too! Jojo You ingenious jerk! I got them covered, but what about my own butt?! I gotta scheme up something, and fast! Good grief! His gallantry knows no end! The only way the grit of Jojo's gallantry could ever be lost is if he surrendered in the midst of battle! Jojo!!! Dammit! How could he do that when his body's so m*nled?! Jojo acted the fool, through and through, but I suppose he's dying to end this w*r as much as I am! The w*r that will only end with the death of those damn Pillar Men! You dare to quip provocations with so smug a smile, while your body remains battered so.

Mighty Man You move me with your minuscule mettle! How can you maintain such mettle? Have you been taken by insanity? Or perhaps you have another scheme you would dare use against me? Would you like to know? It wouldn't involve allowing that puny stick that you snuck out from the catacombs to explode, would it? How the Hell did he know?! Or, would it involve forcing this contraption to cease, causing us both to be catapulted from it? In this manner! H

-He saw through my scheme again! Your one minute of continuous blood loss shall expire soon.

You are incapable of repairing your blood vessels now.

You are doomed to death by desanguination.

But why does your smile remain so smug, without any scheme to save you? Would you like to know why? Would you really like to know why? No, I needn't know the reason.

I shall k*ll you now! Shame, because if I had a month, my Ripple powers could've become potent enough to overpower you.

Overpower me? Overpower you, and in one month, to boot.

Am I not the first human to have fouled your face? If I actually tried a bit, I could overpower you in no time.

You know, just forget everything I said.

Put me outta my misery already.

I consider it a great honor to be k*lled by so seasoned a warrior.

Continue our conversation.

I'm so sore, I'm slurring me speech now, y'great sod.

Whack me and be done with it, Wham.

I demand that you continue our conversation! Jojo's still alive! Here's the thing You'll get to live with the fact that you let a filthy human bash your brow in with his balls, forever.

To free yourself from that shame, you'll need to duel me again when I'm fully prepared, and k*ll me in combat.

Again?! What makes you think that you're worth it, Jojo?! His pride just needs another push! He called me a coward when I made my escape! Cowardice is the bane of all proud warriors who uphold their honor in battle! He has to be a proud warrior! I have the talent, but I'm not a Master Mystic.

With a month of formal training and tenacity, I could easily overpower you with my Ripple powers! Also, am I not the first human, an immature Mystic, in all of history, to have burrowed five

-centimeters of steel deep into your brow?! But honestly, why take the risk? k*ll me, before my aptitude and talent peaks! You scoundrel! Wham.

Master ACDC His one minute has already elapsed.

Why do you not end his existence? Crikey! It's his buddy! Master ACDC, this immature Mystic has thoroughly captured my intrigue.

Y

-Yippee! Jojo, I shall acquiesce to your proposition.

If you require one month's time of training, then you shall also have one month left to live! You won't whack me? I will not.

You'll duel me again? I will.

I don't think you should.

If you don't k*ll me now, you're really gonna regret it.

I've played on his pride! I'm safe now! I won't regret it, because I'm going to ensure that you don't escape, or renege on your word to a warrior.

You always did enjoy binding them to their word, Wham.

I call this the "Wedding Band of Wham.

" I shall bind this around the aortic arch of your heart.

Wh

-What are you doing to me?! In 33 days, the band will dissolve, releasing a potent poison from within.

It cannot be removed through surgical means! If you make any attempt to remove it, the band shall break and release the poison! Your only salvation from certain death is to duel and defeat me within 33 days! Only then may you drink the antidote that resides in this ring! Jojo! With the Wedding Band of Wham, death will do us part.

Jojo, on the 33rd night, I shall await your arrival in the Colosseum.

You were foolish to believe that we'd allow an unconditional escape.

I have no current quarrel with you, but take the "Engagement Ring of ACDC!" I've tacked it around your trachea! My poor heart and throat! This poison is unlike that of Wham's.

You'll need the antidote in this ring.

Cars, won't you bind him as well? Bind, I will not.

Our time is eternal, but the time of our foes flow, leaving us without adversaries.

Having an adversary will make this eternity worth living.

But I empathize with your desire to torment the human.

Do remember that our primary prerogative of attaining the powers of the Red Stone of Aja remains.

We fly! Jojo, may your month of training bear fruit potent enough to defeat my Sacred Sandstorm! Wh

-What have they done?! I got two wedding bands! It's a sick, twisted joke that they both belong to men! I'm engaged to two men, too! Don't they know that bigamy's a bloody crime, where I'm from?! g*dd*mn them! This doesn't matter, so long as Great

-Uncle and Caesar are both safe.

I can brood over this double

-betrothal later Jojo You jerk He's fainted from massive blood loss but he pulled off the biggest bluff with pizazz and panache in the middle of battle! I'll assist in your Ripple regimen.

We'll both have to improve our powers, if we hope to survive.

In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky they Stand there Twenty four before my love and I'll be There Next Time I was blowing smoke up their arses when I said I'd be ready in a month! You'll understand after you've taken the tumble down this tower.

Maestra, you wouldn't! I ain't going easy on no woman! Welcome to Venice! Episode Lisa Lisa the Ripple Master
The wedding rings embedded around Jojo's heart and throat cannot be removed through surgical means.

They will dissolve and release poison into Jojo's body in 33 days, unless he can obtain the antidotes by defeating both ACDC and Wham.

Venice What the Hell have I done?! I was blowing smoke up their arses when I said I'd be ready in a month! And they bought my bluff! I should've said "one year" instead! Hey Jojo How can you even joke about this?! Help me help you and think of something already! I

-I am thinking! But there's no use crying over spilt milk.

We both need to keep calm in order to carry on, Caesar.

For starters, you'll need to be able to perform the exact same act I'm about to show you.

The water's not pouring out! Give it a try.

Keep the water from pouring out.

That shouldn't be too hard! Let's face some facts.

In terms of our Ripple powers, we're almost equal in strength, but you always purge all of your powers out of your palms! That lack of control caused the water to explode.

But I channeled my powers into my fingertips, those single points of contact.

Those single concentrated points! Focus your energy into these single points, and you'll cause the water to oscillate within the glass, effectively trapping the liquid within.

But increase your contact area, and your excess Ripple energy causes the water to explode.

The smaller the nozzle of a liquid g*n, the further the liquid flies.

Understand, Idiota?! In order for you to better control your Ripple powers, you need to undergo the formal Ripple Regimen.

I've brought you to Venice for this very reason, because my Ripple Master resides here! Oh no! I hate breaking my back over work, that above all else, warrants effort! 31 Days until Marital Dissolution 31 Days until Marital Dissolution Once, four folks from the fires of Hell Shijima no soko kara awoke from their pillars after eons of eternal slumber.

mezameru sono hashiratachi toki wo koe Shinku no chishio ga Their ambition for power assembled the blood of a few b*mb braves.

tachiagaru yuuki wo hikiawaseru But one brave, whose fate was bound in his blood, Uketsugu ai wo sadame to yobu nara hohoemu me de tsugi no te wo sh*t a sly smirk at his destined demise.

Yami wo azamuite setsuna wo kawashite He would deceive the darkness and dodge the danger! Yaiba surinuke yatsura no suki wo tsuke He would exploit the flaws of the foes he faced! Tsuranuita omoi ga mirai wo hiraku And his memory would live on for all posterity! He's like a bloody stream! Atsuku like a bloody stream He's blazing like a bloody stream But would he be free of the cursed fate of his family? ketsumyaku ni kizamareta innen ni Who can say, but the bonds of these braves Ukiagaru kienai hokori no kizuna nigirishimete will never be buried.

Lisa Lisa the Ripple Master Episode Hey Caesar, ain't Venice more of a touristy

-type of town? What would a Ripple Master be doing here? Gondolier.

We need a ride.

Take us to isola di aria serbatoio.

Gondolier, did you not hear me?! H

-He's standing on his bloody oar over water! Wh

-Who the Hell is this guy?! Crikey! Hey, Arsehole! What in the Hell did I do to deserve a decking?! Now you're cruising for a bruising! My, at least you're capable of using Ripple energy to stand on water.

A woman?! M

-Maestra! This woman is known as Lisa Lisa.

Her real name, personal history, family, and the motivation behind her mastery of the Art of Mystics remain a mystery.

Nevertheless, Lisa Lisa will devote the next month to training Jojo and myself! You still ain't off the hook for hitting me head! I'm not gonna pull any punches, even if you are a woman! I've seen your spectacular talents for myself with this oar.

You even have my compliments for managing your waddle over water.

However, if you expect to become a respectable Ripple user within a month, you'll have to dispose yourself to death! Th

-The water's hardened into a pair of pillars! What is this?! Joseph Joestar.

For the next month, you'll have to wear that Ripple Respirator for your Ripple Regimen all day, every day.

I

-I can't br

-! Find your respiratory rhythm.

Once you have your rhythm, you'll have no issue respiring through the Ripple Respirator.

But if you lose it, the respirator's valves will close, and you will suffer from suffocation.

You need to be capable of running 100 kilometers while wearing that respirator! B

-Bollocks! Get this bloody thing off

-! I

-I can't breathe! The Ripple Regimen has already g*n.

The only relief you'll receive is during meals and when brushing your teeth.

Jojo, find your rhythm.

You won't have any problems breathing once you do.

Wh

-Why I oughta bust you up good, you bitch! There's another important thing that need be noted.

I'm not teaching you the Art of Mystics to save you from death, I'm teaching you because I need people capable of k*lling the Pillar Men! Y

-You g*dd*mn, selfish You want Maestra to mess you up some more? I don't hit women! Formally, I would like to welcome you both to Venice! She's earned the title of Ripple Master, but I would never wed a mistress like her.

But there's a cute quality about her Show some respect.

Funny you should say that, Casanova.

Why are you so respectful towards that broad? I respect the Maestra as much as I do my own mother! Don't demean her, or I will deck you.

Isola di aria serbatoio is a small island located 30 minutes north of Venice.

Unlike the vibrant views of Venice, this island remains shrouded thick in mystique.

However, that very mystique is equally befitting of its very mysterious owner, Lisa Lisa.

This island will serve as our training ground! That entire island is my very own villa.

She told me to be disposed to death, but how bad could it actually be? Splendid.

Both you and Joseph are safe and sound.

I couldn't ask for more.

Great

-Uncle, don't you dare tell Nanna Erina about those rings! You blab, and I'll turn you black n' blue! I can't tell her Where would I even begin? The preliminary trial to the Ripple Regimen begins with the "Pillar of Hell!" A

-Are you serious?! What's she screaming about? M

-Maestra, you would damn us to so daunting a trial already?! Even I haven't attempted it before! Not the trial that has claimed the lives of many trainees! You either complete this trial, or you take a boat back to the mainland.

Why don't you two fill me in on what's what, eh?! What the bloody Hell is this "Pillar of Hell?!" You'll understand after you've taken a tumble down this tower.

Maestra, you wouldn't! Th

-This is oil! The whole damn pillar's drenched in oil! The objective of this trial is to climb up 24 meters to the top of this tower, barehanded.

The only way out is up.

You must complete this trial, or you will die trying.

We gotta reach the top of this slippery pillar?! 30 Days until Marital Dissolution Are you outta your mind?! A trial designed to temper and test the tenacity of Ripple users! This trial is so infamously, yet so aptly named the "Pillar of Hell!" This is trying I'm using all of my Ripple energy just to stick to this pillar.

Even moving my fingers a centimeter upwards is exhausting! If I fall If I fall from this pillar even once I don't think I'd have enough stamina to try the climb again! We're dead if we stay still! We're have to climb up! Jojo! The longer you keep jumping, the sooner you'll be drained of your stamina! Climb up the pillar

-! D

-Dammit! I can't spare a breath, either! My Ripple Respiration went awry from just speaking! This whole trial is bollocks! You knew fully that I lacked the power and control needed to climb this prick of a pillar! That g*dd*mn broad threw our arses down here without a second thought! She just lost what respect I had left for her! I've never wanted to pay back a woman before, but I got plenty of ideas to toss around me head before I reach the top! Plenty! So, a bunch of trainees d*ed before they could make it to the top, eh? I'll bet they all d*ed from stupidity! You will honor the sanctity of the trial, and abide by the following rules! You may rely only on your Ripple energy and your bare hands to reach the top! All other methods are prohibited! Gimme a break, Lisa Lisa! I mean, Mistress! Y

-You don't mean to leave me here to die, do you? This is my first day of training after all! You're just trying to see if I actually make an honest attempt, right? You'll lower a ladder later, right? There was no pity in her eyes.

She really will leave me in this pit to die! Goddammit! I don't care if you're a Ripple Master! That beauty of yours ain't gonna save you from my impending wrath! 28 hours have elapsed! Caesar is at the 15 meter mark, whereas Jojo remains at the very bottom.

The rings will dissolve in 28 days! 28 Days until Marital Dissolution It's been a little more than a day already, but Caesar's only made it about halfway! I really should be concerned about me own arse.

Even he's desperate to save his own.

Caesar's fingers are the only things keeping him stuck to the pillar, b

-but it looks like they just might slip! His Ripple energy's nearly spent! Climb Caesar, climb! O

-Oh no, he's slipping again! He's barely hanging on by his fingertips! Caesar! W

-Wait a moment, I think I just had an epiphany! Caesar's not in any danger of slipping at all! He's not using his fingertips to prevent slippage! The smaller the nozzle of a liquid g*n, the further the liquid flies.

I

-I think I get it now! I've solved the riddle to controlling the Ripple! Stick! Finally, I've used the Ripple to stick to the pillar! I thought that using both hands would add more friction and support my body better! It's bizarre, but I was actually thinking backwards! If I concentrate my Ripple energy into each of my fingers, adhesion to the points of contact increases! How did I not realize this sooner?! But now that I know, I'm gonna climb this pillar here, and pay back that busty bitch in full! Jojo's finally found his rhythm! Since then, 24 more hours have elapsed! Caesar is situated at the 18 meter mark, with Jojo behind him at the 16 meter mark! 27 Days until Marital Dissolution The rings will dissolve in 27 days! I know why Caesar's been taking his sweet time to climb beyond the 18 meter mark! Past the middle mark, this whacky pillar warps upward! Every movement needs to be carefully calculated beyond here! The warped curvature of this pillar reminds me of its twisted owner! Three more hours have elapsed! Caesar has reached the 19 meter mark, with Jojo only a meter behind him! Well, what do we have here? I

-I

-It's a fissure! With just a smidge of space for my fingers to fit! Boy oh boy, I can have a breather! Whoopie! F

-Finally! I'm chuffed to bits for a breath! Wh

-What was that?! Did I press something?! Wh

-What's going on?! Could this be You may rely only on your Ripple energy and your bare hands to reach the top! Stay sharp! Something's gonna sh**t out! That smidge of space was a booby trap! We're barely sticking to this pillar as it is b

-but how are we supposed to get past this now?! At the 20 meter mark of the 24

-meter

-tall pillar, an umbrella of oil spews forth! The razor

-sharp nature of this ultrahigh

-pressure oil barrier makes it impossible to pass! Wh

-What's the matter, Caesar? A

-Are you angry with me?! S

-Sorry about the cock up, Caesar.

But who could've resisted reaching out for a chance to rest?! I'll bet the architect was one twisted twat for putting that trap! Played me like a fool! Jojo was compelled to reach for that fissure due to a lack of confidence But am I confident enough in my own powers, that I can overcome this trap?! Only one way to find out! Wh

-What the

-?! He's standing perpendicular to the pillar! Caesar! Observe my Ripples of Adhesion and Repulsion! I'm channeling adhesive Ripple energy into my feet, while channeling repulsive Ripple energy throughout my body for protection from the barrier! I can coordinate, control, and simultaneously channel opposing Ripple energies! I made it! But controlling opposing Ripple energies will be an impossible feat for Jojo to replicate! He won't break through the barrier! H

-Hot damn! I'm glad Caesar made it through! But I'm not even sure if I could rival his refined technique! After nine more grueling hours Caesar Passes Trial in 61 Hours Caesar has finally reached the top of the pillar in 61 hours.

M

-Maestra! Jojo won't be able to hold on any longer! Please halt the oil barrier's flow! He's impulsive by nature, and when he's at his wit's end, he'll be driven by impulse to penetrate the oil barrier! A

-And if he does Sticking to this one spot ain't gonna stop that oil from spewing! If he attempts to penetrate it he'll be bisected from being blasted by ultrahigh

-pressurized oil! And even if he manages to repel the barrier's wave, he'll fall to the bottom and die! Maestra! That's it! It's all or nothing now! Time to fly! Don't do it, Jojo! Stay where you are! I got the rhythm of the b*at, and the Ripple in my feet! Jojo!!! Wait a minute He's using Ripple energy to repel the barrier's trough to ride the wave! The further the wave pushes me out, the weaker its pressure becomes! Time to jump! He used the remaining momentum of the barrier's wave to reach that wall! He didn't fall, and he even gained three meters from that jump! None have ever attempted to overcome the trial by riding the wave.

He's rather clever for using the trap to compensate for his lack of control and technique.

I

-I made it! But g*dd*mn! Since this wall is located above the warped pillar's 20 meter mark, I doubt anyone ever made it here! My exhaustion's wearing on me I had less than an arms

-length left, too! M

-My rhythm's gone and my respiration's a mess! C

-Caesar! Don't get the wrong idea! I wasn't angry at you for triggering that trap! Maestra, please forgive me for lending him a hand! Lend away, Caesar but aren't you as equally exhausted as he? I completely forgot! Caesar, I'm begging you from the bottom of my heart! Don't let me go! After ten seconds and 13 consecutive pleas for Caesar's assistance, Jojo reached the top of the pillar.

Jojo Passes Trial in 61 Hours and 9 Minutes Hold your horses, Mistress Lisa Lisa.

When I was stuck to that damn pillar, I thought up a few decent ways to pay you back.

But I've narrowed it down to two! Should I strip your clothes off, or should I pinch your nose until you cry?! I thought he was simpleton, but I suppose even he can bear a significant grudge.

Pick your poison! I

-I did it! I can control and keep the water from spilling out of this glass! Magnifico! After these three trying days, he's finally got the gist of controlling the Ripple! His talent is impressive, but even more impressive is the Maestra's ability draw out that talent! Mistress! I

-I'm chuffed to bits! I

-I'd like to start the next trial, please! I'll overcome anything you throw at me! You're hard to figure.

Maybe you are just a simpleton.

Fret not, for I have plenty of things to throw at you.

I guarantee that you'll be chuffed to death.

Ma'am! Prepare yourself, because the learning curve increases over the next three weeks.

What are you blokes sneaking up behind me for?! Wh

-Who are they?! The water's been gelatinized! Loggins and Messina are both my servants, but they'll be your drill instructors.

E

-Even I can't gelatinize water! Would you like to learn how? Would you like to perform this technique as I? O

-Of course! I'm obligated to learn your techniques! Obligated? Then you're also obligated to have a closer look.

Why don't you two boys introduce yourselves? It'll be especially helpful to know the names of the boy's we'll be drilling the next three weeks.

Respiration! Temper your respiration, and your body, strength, and power will naturally follow.

You need to respire at least ten times within the span of a second! I

-I'm dying here! I want you to inhale for ten minutes, and exhale for ten minutes, in that order! You get to remove the respirator afterwards! Wh

-What have I gotten myself into?! 7 Days until Marital Dissolution The rings will dissolve in seven days! Next Time I have one final trial for you both.

Our strength remains insufficient.

He's got a heart of gold.

This is batty! Bizarre, even! How could you?! Episode Entrapment Ahoy!
Entrapment Ahoy Episode 17 The spines of the Stone Mask may pierce through the skulls of men, but it lacks the strength to even penetrate our eternal flesh.

It necessitates a greater source of strength.

That's toasty This is the Red Stone of Aja, the rarest and most beautiful of all gemstones of the natural world.

Light entering this gemstone will be refracted over one

-billion times within, which amplifies the intensity of light, allowing a single concentrated beam to exit through its angle of entry.

A prodigious power of the natural world.

But it lacks potency! The strength of this imperfect cut cannot empower the spines to pierce our skulls! Only the perfect cut, the Ultimate Aja, may be embedded into the Stone Mask, granting the spines sufficient strength! And once we adorn the True Stone Mask, we will overcome the Sun, we shall reach the final stage of our evolution as True Omnipotent Organisms! The creator of the Stone Mask was fabled to be Cars, the most intelligent of all Pillar Men.

Long ago, he crossed the Atlantic together with ACDC and Wham, in search of the Ultimate Aja.

Suzie Q.

Here is your gem, Mistress Lisa Lisa.

Good girl.

This is the perfect cut, the marvel of the natural world, the Ultimate Aja.

So you had that stupid ruby the whole time?! The Mystics of two millenia past were eradicated by the Pillar Men, but successfully concealed this gem from them.

I shall continue their cause, and conceal this stone as they had.

Caesar, I know what you're going through.

The terrors and tragedies our grandfathers and others faced because of the Stone Mask All because of Cars's accursed creation! Smash it! Smash that stone to smithereens! It's about time we torment them by breaking their precious jewel! That, I cannot do.

Why not?! It is said that "without the Ultimate Aja, they cannot be defeated.

" You're yankin' me leg here! I wish I were.

Nevertheless, I will defend this gemstone to the death.

Jojo, Caesar I have one final trial for you both.

A

-A final trial?! Caesar will be paired with Messina, and Jojo to Loggins.

Duel and defeat them.

Entrapment Ahoy! Episode Are you ready, Caesar? Ready and willing! Dawn will be breaking soon and the darkest hour is always before the dawn.

But where, oh where, could dear Loggins be? You're a real force to be reckoned with, but I'm ready to pay you back for those three rotten weeks! Is that Loggins? I

-I don't believe it! I

-I can't believe it! Loggins is d

-dead?! A

-ACDC?! The only reason you'd ever be on this isle is if you knew It was the next isle over.

She who bears of the Ultimate Aja resides on the main isle.

His lungs have been pulverized.

One of two susceptibilities all Ripple users share.

And all it took was a single lunge to his lungs Here lies the body of Drill Instructor Loggins.

For the past three weeks, this twat tormented my entirety through the Ripple Regimen.

I wanted so badly to pay you back for my suffering but now, you can just watch from above as I avenge you with your teachings! Hold it, ACDC.

I had six days remaining, but I've had a change of heart.

I'm gonna rob you of your nose ring now! Make way.

I have no time to waste on you.

Bollocks! You've got plenty of time to waste! Sharp sight.

Your gaze could cut through me, even.

But the last time I encountered one with oculars as sharp as yours, he met a dull end.

I'll spare you one last breath.

Make way! Make contact with me, and I'll bite off more than you ever wanted chewed! Make me! My Make me make way! I only ever make way for me morning bowel movement! He's managed to penetrate my flesh with perpetual Ripple energy And it only took him three weeks to learn some control Unfortunate.

Your small growth spurt in the Art of Mystics surprised me.

However, you were never going to be ready to face me! I grew tired of devouring multitudes of you arrogant Mystics two millenia ago! I will rend your arm asunder! Once I do, you will never channel another Ripple through it! Bend! Didn't see it before, did you? I wrapped a thread of silk around your arm! I had it soaked in canola oil to increase Ripple conductivity! I wish I could've strung you up by your neck, but beggars can't be choosers! Where did this thread come from?! F

-From the corpse! I admit, it's a despicable scheme cooked up in poor taste, but I consider it a joint effort between Loggins and I, ACDC! 2,500 years ago, there was a m*llitary treatise in China, known as The Art of w*r.

One proverb proceeds "Every battle is won before it is ever fought.

" Meaning, that victory is assured to the side whose schemes go unnoticed before the battle is ever fought! I was a tried truant when it came to school, but Nanna Erina taught me tons about history, so I consider it my forte.

You've lived longer than me, but that doesn't mean you've learned to scheme like me! Twirl! C

-Curse you! What, are you angry? Angry that you allowed your amputated arm to evaporate? Well that's just too bad! I'm more ticked than you are! Because of your bloody ring, I haven't had a good night's sleep these past three weeks! How could you?! My precious arm has perished! What's wrong with him?! H

-He's bawling! I thought he'd be pissed from the pulsing pain, but this arsehole's just full of surprises! I

-It's pretty disturbing to watch him wail about like a baby! My poor arm! H

-He's giving me the creeps, more than anything else! I'd better lop his head off now! That was a good weeping.

You see, I have an unhinged disposition.

Whenever my anger peaks its threshold, only crying will soothe the agitation.

So you are familiar with The Art of w*r As am I.

Long ago, I crossed over into the realm of Sinae.

"w*r is the art of deception.

" "All warfare is based on deception.

" "If your foe is of a choleric disposition, anger them, and expose his every weakness.

" Your attempt to exploit my anger is admirable, but I cannot be angered.

Nevertheless, Jojo, your growth has left me awe

-stricken.

Your control over the Ripple has earned my admiration.

Long have I been without a worthy foe to fell.

H

-How could you desecrate his corpse?! It's slightly slim, but with time, it shall reform into my own arm.

H

-He's hard to figure! His anger, actions, and emotions are all haphazard! Unnerved by my actions? Has my cruelty left you concerned? I

-I don't know! I've been able to act upon the emotions and slips of every enemy I've faced, but I just can't put a finger on this twat's thoughts! It's like he's reading my mind, instead! Loggins's corpse is B

-Blazing! H

-His corpse has spontaneously combusted! But how?! When animals expend energy for any task, their endothermic temperature rises to an extent, but I can raise the endothermic temperature of my own blood to 500ÂÂ°C.

And when I severed this arm, I injected my blood into that body, which caused it to combust.

Wham is known as "Whirlwind Wham" for his mastery of wind, but I am known as "Infernal ACDC" for my mastery of flame! When you induced his corpse to spontaneously combust on contact, I'll admit you had me concerned, but the fact that you deliberately did that to unnerve me is as plain as day! Clobber him, my Ripple Bolas! My Ripple powers have increased since our last encounter! You are concerned.

Concerned for your safety and driven by desperation, you att*cked with so tactless a tool, Jojo.

I'll s*ab your skull with my tendrils and turn your face into a fiery mess.

Feast upon the Hellfire Tendrils of the Infernal ACDC! Jojo Here I come, Caesar! Bubble Barrier! That's enough, Caesar! We carry this on any longer, and we both will die.

I hate to admit it, but I've lost this duel.

I've been training here ten years longer than you have, but your Ripple barrier bereaved my forearm of its fuzz.

Prolonging our duel would only serve to further my humiliation.

Caesar, you've passed the final trial with flying colors.

You'd observe the trial of that bumbling Brit, rather than celebrate your victory? My Ripple powers only developed to this extent because I wanted to overcome Jojo's own.

From the day we survived our encounter with the Pillar Men, we were bound to each other.

He may be prone to make reckless provocations, but he's got a heart of gold.

You have little finesse with making any male friends, yet your attraction to him is alike a lass's.

Th

-That's ACDC! He's avoided my injections through flight I

-It's a good thing this respirator blocked his tendrils Cor blimey, that burns! His blood's blazing hot! Arsehole! I haven't even breathed a real breath of air, and you've already seared my sexy lips! Me skin's singed, you shitter! Jojo Your provocation is nothing more than a diversion to allow you some seconds for scheming, no? Your face speaks the truth.

My assumption is correct, is it not, Jojo?! With my next plan of att*ck I

-I should stick with the Thread Shredder.

While avoiding his onslaught, I'll bob and weave around a section of spikes and loop a thread around them.

They'll have to stay inconspicuous and when he steps into this section, I'll trap him in the thread and finish him with the Ripple! D

-Does he really have to snicker? C

-Could he have already seen through my scheme?! No! There's no way he could know! Feast your eyes on my Hellfire Wheel! You will not escape the inferno of my Hellfire Tendrils for long! Finally, you've taken notice.

Wouldn't you like to know why my cap's shrunk so? It's because you've entered my Thread Shredder! This cap is 100% made of wool, meaning it's highly conductive to Ripple energy.

Wh

-What's with the smirk?! Y

-You won't be smirking for long! Your next phrase will be, "It's about time I wipe that stupid smirk off your face!" It's about time I wipe that stupid smirk off your face! H

-He's got my gibe down! What shredder might you be speaking of, save for my own?! I've already seen through your shabby scheme! Jojo, do you recall your citation? "Every battle is won before it is ever fought.

" I'll have to agree with your every word! Down to the very last syllable! However, it was my Tendril Tactics that bested your Thread Shredder! I will now proceed to pierce your body with my tendrils, and inject my blazing

-hot blood into every bit of your body! Your body will burn beautifully, and your flesh will flow alike the wax of a lit candle! Jojo's in trouble! H

-He won't make it! Caesar! From what we can see, I could only surmise that Loggins has been k*lled.

If Jojo is defeated, we will have to intercept ACDC afterwards.

Reaching that isle will take too much time, and even then, it'll be too late.

As heartless as this sounds, we must prioritize the defense of the Mistress and the Ultimate Aja! Now, we will make preparations for his interception! Jojo Jojo! As I sear your skin, sing for me a sorrowful symphony of your screams! As you stand entrapped by my tendrils, you still dare to snicker?! Has the fear of your impending death driven you insane?! Listen.

I snicker at your stupidity because you haven't realized your defeat yet.

Your defeat, which stems from that awfully long slumber of yours.

Defeat?! What defeat?! Wait, you didn't know? I thought you could see through all my schemes.

If you did, you'd understand the cause of your downfall.

You only thought you had me with your Tendril Tactics, but you were deluding yourself! Give mankind two millenia, and we'll make progress in small steps.

This'll sound trivial to you, but between the 18th and 19th Century, the heyday of illusionists and magicians came when stage magic became a form of entertainment.

And I just happen to love the magic of illusions! I

-I severed that thread H

-How could it still be whole?! Behold the magic of the Restored Rope! I snuck another thread in secret, in case the original was severed, keeping the Thread Shredder solid! Even if the red thread is severed at will keep it whole.

these points, the hidden white thread The oldest trick in the book! And now you'll say, "Before you channel any wretched Ripple energy, my tendrils will drill you full of holes!" Before you channel any wretched Ripple energy, my tendrils will drill you full of holes! Be ripped by the Ripple, and shred by my thread! How could I be humiliated so, by a mere man?! I am one of the Omnipotent Organisms! I can't be k*lled by this cur! I will have your head for exposing my own! Face my flames! I

-I can see some sort of energy being released from his body! It must be the lifeforce he's accumulated over so many millenia! Begone! And may the lifeforce you've stolen from the multitudes of men be purged from your combusting body! Loggins I owe you a word of gratitude for your teachings.

Grazie, Loggins! Santana survived our duel and remains paralyzed in stone but ACDC's body combusted and left not a trace.

They should've made it one way, or the other.

Maybe it's because my Ripple powers have amplified since then.

To the victor goes the well

-earned spoils of a small antidote.

Why does this antidote look so much like snot? It had been on his bloody nose for God

-knows

-how

-long Oh well, bottoms up.

The antidote has done its duty.

I just can't feel that ring around my trachea anymore.

I should catch up with Lisa Lisa and Caesar on the main isle.

I used a lot more brain than I did brawn against ACDC Maybe that's why my shoulder's so stiff.

Six Days until Marital Dissolution of The Heart Six Days until Marital Dissolution of The Heart I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley.

.

In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time I think white will do just fine.

Hold it until after we've passed the border.

But I think this pattern has its own merits.

I'll k*ll them! I'm at a loss! Goddammit, I can't hit her! Episode The Stroheim Squad Strikes Back
I used a lot more brain than I did brawn against ACDC Maybe that's why my shoulder's so stiff.

It's wearing on me Episode The Stroheim Squad Strikes Back Dawn has broken Both Caesar and Jojo should be returning anytime now Mistress Lisa Lisa.

Which blusa would you care to wear this morning? Suzie Q, you're such a dear.

I think white's quite clean, but maybe you're feeling a little flashy today.

Be a dear and choose one for me.

Well, let's see I think white will do just fine, but I think this pattern has its own merits as well.

I wonder if any issues arose during their trials I've been unusually on edge all night because of this broken wine glass.

I think the pristine white will do the trick.

Suzie Q.

Yes? When Caesar and Jojo return, tell them to come to my chambers.

It'll be my pleasure.

But I really do love the pizazz of this pattern.

Which should I pick? I'm at a loss! White! Wait a minute! It has to have pizazz! This is a real toughie! Let's have a go at the pizazz, Suzie Q.

Pizazz it is! The blusa and towel are both on the table.

I'll deal with the broken wine glass, so please leave it as is.

Very well.

Say, Suzie Q What'cha screaming for?! Shush up and stop shrieking already! Wh

-Who are you?! I don't know you! Y

-You're an intruder, aren't you?! What intruder? It's me, you silly lass.

Joseph Joestar.

Jojo?! Shut up! I didn't recognize you without your respirator! Seriously! I can't blame you.

I've only been wearing it for the past three weeks! So what's the verdict? Molto bello, si? Your lips look weird.

Sure it looks weird now, but if you make me your man, these lips will be doing you a lot of loving.

Love you? No way! What's wrong? Oh, it was nothing.

Just my imagination.

And also, the Mistress would like to see you in her chambers, but she's bathing at the moment, so do wait for at least a half hour.

I was on my way up anyway, but sure.

I needed tell her that the Ultimate Aja's been bubbled.

There are bubbles in the Mistress's gemstone? A

-Actually, forget it.

It's not anything that a non

-Ripple user needs to know.

O

-Okay Oh, and Jojo? Toots? I find your face to be quite chiseled.

That's odd.

My shoulders aren't so strained and stiff anymore.

6:00 AM 

- ACDC's Ring is Neutralized Six Days Remain until Marital Dissolution from Wham I wanted to tell Lisa Lisa about ACDC ASAP, but Suzie Q told me to hold off for 30 minutes, because she's bathing.

Oh, I'll hold off my findings all right In fact, I'll hold them for next 30 minutes while waiting in front of her door, but would peeping through this keyhole here perhaps be too criminal? Bitchy! Suzie Q? She's inside already? When did she get in? Kinda quick I thought I saw her at the dock moments ago What's this? The doorknob's dripping with this mysterious mucosal matter.

Say, Suzie Q have both Caesar and Jojo returned yet? Suzie Q? S

-Suzie Q! My gemstone was on the table, but where is it now?! Who are you?! Where is the Ultimate Aja?! Wh

-What's going on S

-Something's possessing Suzie Q's body! You've rendered me into but a brain, but nevertheless, I will challenge you curs to one last duel! I sent a package containing the Ultimate Aja on a mailboat moments ago, but I will not allow you to pursue it! I will hold you here and keep you from pursuing it! This woman that I've possessed still has plenty of life in her, but you cannot free her from my control without k*lling us both! But can you fools find the courage to k*ll her? ACDC! Jojo! The tenacity of these things never cease to astound Jojo! You sure took your sweet time getting here, Caesar.

Y

-You're okay So you survived your encounter with ACDC? You're one lucky son of a g*n Jojo! What did you do to the Maestra?! Nothing, you nincompoop! It's not her I'm concerned about, but Suzie Q! Suzie Q? What's wrong with her? She's being possessed ACDC possessed her, a harmless non

-Ripple user, with his bloody brain and tendrils! Salvami, Caesar Save me They're both bullying me right now, but you won't, will you? Remember, that's not really Suzie Q speaking, but ACDC who's using her voice.

Caesar, the Ultimate Aja has been shipped via mailboat already! Leave ACDC to us, and go recover the Ultimate Aja from that boat.

If that package ever leaves these Venetian shores via train, it could go international, making it almost impossible to track! You're not going anywhere! If you want to leave, you cazzi will have to go through this woman! A masculine tone He must be using his tendrils to control every part of her body! Come to me! Do it! k*ll me with the Ripple! Your combined Ripple powers can easily split me in two! However, I'm certain that this poor girl's heart won't be able to withstand that power! Can you really bring yourselves to k*ll her? If you coglioni can, then do the deed and be done with it already! Enough! You'd better think again, ACDC! I could k*ll her without any qualms if it meant saving the lives of millions.

I'd just consider her casualty to be collateral damage.

D

-Don't joke around, Jojo! Ashes to ashes, ACDC! You wouldn't! Jojo! I'm really gonna bash your brain into hers! Goddammit, I can't do it! You arsehole! I thought you'd have enough sense to skedaddle on outta her body, but you didn't even budge! Enough of your pathetic provocations.

You don't have the balls to k*ll her.

By now, the mailboat has already reached the mainland of Venice.

You're too late now! But fret not! Wh

-What is he doing to her body? E

-Enough, ACDC! I'm going to cause this woman's body to spontaneously combust, creating an acidic rain of my boiling blood to come showering down! I

-It's his boiling blood! H

-He's destroying Suzie Q's body from within! If he continues this rain, Suzie Q will die and we'll all sustain severe scalds! I

-It pains me, but Jojo, you must channel the Ripple into her body! Goddammit Don't make me do it! I'm already living with the guilt of lopping off Major Stroheim's leg! Something There's gotta be something we can do to save her! Th

-Then I'll do it.

No Maestra! I

-I'll do it! H

-Hold it Caesar! I have an idea! Remember what you did to bypass that oil barrier?! L

-Let's give that a whirl! It's better than k*lling Suzie Q outright! We gotta oppose each other to overpower him, understand? Oppose? I

-I do understand.

Y

-You might be on to something.

Catch my drift? Boys, do it now! Understood, Maestra.

Jojo, I need you to match my respiration.

Andiamo! Jojo is channeling the Ripple of Positive Repulsion throughout Suzie Q's body, whereas Caesar is channeling the Ripple of Negative Adhesion only into her heart! Positive A Equili

- brium The negative force of adhesion stabilizes the heart, while the positive force repulses ACDC! Negative Ripple Energy Positive Positive Ripple Energy Positive Negative Ripple Energy Positive Ripple Energy Positive Positive Negative Ripple Energy Positive Ripple Energy Positive Positive Negative Ripple Energy Positive Positive Ripple Energy Positive Couldn't withstand the repulsion, could he? Jojo! Just let him be, Caesar.

The sunlight will negate his existence.

He made me sick to my stomach! Only the most cowardly of creatures would use a woman as their cover! I'd call that courageous, Caesar.

I'm almost certain of it now, after dueling him.

He would've done anything he could to attain the Ultimate Aja, for the sake of his brethren.

I don't know how many thousands of years he had lived, but I do know that he spent his whole life devoted to finding that single stone.

He stooped to doing some despicable deeds, but I respect his devotion, if nothing else.

Jojo Suzie Q.

While you were possessed by ACDC, a part of your consciousness was not entirely subdued, so answer me.

Where did he send the Ultimate Aja? St.

Moritz Switzerland A small parcel It was stamped with the Mistress's personal seal The address on the paper was Switzerland?! So Cars and Wham are in Switzerland?! Yes, and I confirmed that the freight train bound for Switzerland departed the station ten minutes ago.

So the Ultimate Aja is aboard that train, France Italy Venice Germany St.

Moritz Switzerland meaning that we have to b*at that train to St.

Moritz first! We'll have to resort to some despicable deeds of our own, in order to keep the Ultimate Aja from their grasps.

Our conduct may be considered criminal, and another one of us may be sacrificed in the process.

And it ain't gonna be me.

After undergoing the Ripple Regimen, I have the utmost confidence in my own skills.

I'll m*rder those mooks.

Caesar! Arrivederci it is! Say Suzie Q, swerve around for a second! So long, Suzie Q! Someday, I'm gonna come back to Venice, y'hear? You will? Sure! But until then, you'd better get some good R&R! See ya! Jojo, you'd better come back to visit me! Alrl ight already! But who knows, I might just come back when you're an old nan! You're a jerk, Joestar! I'll be back soon, Toots.

St.

Moritz, Switzerland Drive better, Dummkopf! What's wrong with your arms? Mein Gott! The steering wheel's slashed! ACDC hasn't called in yet He went to ascertain the whereabouts of the Ultimate Aja in Venice but something must have happened to him.

Jojo.

Jojo! Wake up, Jojo! 5:00 PM 

- Six Days Remain until Marital Dissolution from Wham Wh

-What is it? We've finally caught up to the train! They're busy declaring their cargo at the station.

Beyond this border, the drive to St.

Moritz takes less than an hour.

We're lucky that we caught them here.

We need you awake, Jojo.

Listen, I'm trying to conserve my stamina here.

Stamina's vital, okay? If you want action, then we'd better jump that train and take the parcel now.

Then, I can start concentrating on my inevitable duel with Wham.

We jump the train after it crosses the border.

What in the blazes Pipe down, you prick! If you need to pass us, then pass us already! They're Jerries! What are they doing here on the Swiss

-Italian border?! You sound quite spirited, and your growth matches that very spirit, Herr Joestar.

Wh

-What was that?! What did you say?! H

-Hold it! Who the Hell're you?! I don't know any of you Third Reich Jerries! Look around the train! It's surrounded by the SS! SturmbannfÃ¼hrer, we have the parcel! That parcel has my seal stamped on it! Then inside that package is The Ultimate Aja! Why would the SS know about the Ultimate Aja?! The Third Reich will require this Red Stone of Aja for experimental purposes.

You see, you've been under our surveillance ever since your arrival in Venice.

No, ever since the extermination of the SS stationed in Rome.

We know about the Ripple Regimen, your encounter with ACDC, and your pursuit of this very stone.

We are stationed at a lodge nearby.

Accompany us there.

We have much to learn from you about the Ultimate Aja, and the two who remain.

Help us help you, as we are well

-acquainted, are we not, Jojo? Hey, Arsehole! I ain't acquainted with no Jerry! Don't you dare be using my nickname now! I didn't expect the Third Reich to show up.

M

-Maestra! We have to follow them.

As long as it's out of Cars's hands, it's in good hands.

Italy Austria The Third Reich began Hungary Germany France England Vienne Romania Switzerland Paris Berlin Prague Czechoslovakia Warsaw Poland its occupation of several European territories circa 1938, 1938.

3.

13 Annexation of Austria 1939.

3.

15 Occupation of Bohemia and Moravia driven by the niggling fear of losing their influence 1939.

9.

28 Joint German

-Soviet Partition of Poland Determined and political standing in the world.

But after learning of the purported power of the True Stone Mask, that fear was put to rest.

The Third Reich's ambition for global domination would surely be assured through the eternal powers granted by the True Stone Mask.

Same Day Five Hours Later 10:00 PM I've discerned each and every intrinsic temperature within this room.

A fire is lit in the hearth.

There are four light sources on the walls, two on the ceiling, and two, no, three on a desk.

There are four humans standing proximate to this wall.

From the right, their statures read: 178 cm, 174 cm, 181 cm, and 178 cm, with one human near the hearth, measuring 183 cm.

Five males en masse! One, two four, and five.

You must be Cars.

Swift was your journey to Venice, only to learn of your fellow's demise.

And swift was your return to St.

Moritz, upon learning of our procurement of the Ultimate Aja.

So swift to steal it, are you? So swift, that you necessitated an ingenious method of silencing my men, without so much as a single moan from them.

I sensed only five men within this room but why couldn't I sense your temperature as well?! Say, Jerries! Where's our polenta?! We're starving up here! Cars?! His hand is metallic?! You're Stroheim?! I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..

In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time Show no mercy! It was addressed to that building.

I just had a total cock up.

The technology of the Third Reich A metal man is no menace to me! Episode Climbing the Cliff of Calamity
Say, Jerries! Where's our polenta?! We're starving up here! Cars?! Metal?! Stroheim?! What a double whammy! "Bizarre" can't even begin to describe the strangeness of this scene! Cars and Stroheim, who was blasted to smithereens back in Mexico, are standing before my very eyes! Shijima no soko kara Once, four folks arose from the fires of Hell and awoke from their pillars after eons of eternal slumber.

mezameru sono hashiratachi toki wo koe Their ambition for power assembled Shinku no chishio ga tachiagaru yuuki wo hikiawaseru the blood of a few b*mb braves.

Uketsugu ai wo sadame to yobu nara But one brave, whose fate was bound in his blood, hohoemu me de tsugi no te wo sh*t a sly smirk at his destined demise.

He would deceive the darkness and dodge the danger! Yami wo azamuite setsuna wo kawashite Yaiba surinuke yatsura no suki wo tsuke He would exploit the flaws of the foes he faced! Tsuranuita omoi ga mirai wo hiraku And his memory would live on for all posterity! He's like a bloody storm! Atsuku like a bloody stone Red

-hot like a bloody stone, ketsumyaku ni kizamareta innen ni but would he be ever free of the cursed fate of his family? Who can say, but the bonds of these braves Ukiagaru kienai hokori no kizuna will never be buried.

nigirishimete Episode 19 Climbing the Cliff of Calamity Cars and Stroheim! He's got a metallic hand and a strange steel sash wrapped over his socket.

I knew the Jerries made some mad machinery from their advancements in Medicine and Science with the sole intention to be used in w*r! It's that very machinery that saved you, isn't it, Stroheim?! Jojo, I've returned from the very depths of Hell.

I

-I suppose I'm scot

-free from guilt As a fellow human, I don't despise the guy or nothing, but he can be an arsehole because of his SS affiliations.

His oh

-so

-high pride especially makes him a real pompous prick, but I'm sorta I'm glad to see him back.

Sit on that sofa there and observe my battle, ja? H

-He's giving me a nasty glare! He knows that I was the one who axed ACDC! I can feel his fury from here! Too bad! S

-Stare me down all you want! I'll stare straight back at you, Cars! After I secure the Ultimate Aja from this soldier, I shall dismember you.

Wham may be dying to duel you from his Greco

-post, but I cannot allow the Ripple user who shredded ACDC to live any longer! Do you speak with the will of a warrior, or does the burning cry for vengeance speak for you, Cars?! Cars, pay attention! SturmbannfÃ¼hrer Stroheim will be the last man you ever face! A metal man is no menace to me! Think again.

He disjointed his arm to go completely around his head! His left arm must be prosthetic as well! Observe! Blimey! His digits can exert pressure of exactly 1950kg/cmÂ².

Almost twice the pressure Santana could ever output! A BlÃdel you be! None can squander the scientific advancements of the Third Reich! We analyzed the data we acquired from Santana and infused these prosthetic arms with strength that overpowers his own! Therefore, Cars! If I use these arms to pluck away your flesh to a certain extent, it's been hypothesized that your bodily functions would cease to function! Alike the feathers being plucked from a bird, I shall tear your body into pieces that are each a centimeter in diameter! Herr Jojo! Yow! Do not pity me for what I have become For I am now the greatest magnum opus of the Third Reich, sculpted and crafted into a masterpiece! I have transcended all of humanity! Catch this, Cars! This Maschinengewehr has an average rate of fire of 600 rounds per minute, and is capable of penetrating through 30

-mm

-thick metal plating! This HMG will be the ticket to tearing your body to pieces! What part of him isn't machinery now?! Wh

-What's all this ruckus? Downstairs! I will take the Ultimate Aja from you! Locating it cost ACDC his life, and I will not let his death be in vain! Shining The sword protruding from his arm is shining! I am called "Crystal Cars" for my mastery of the Shining Sword! Th

-This cannot be The sword protruding from his arm is formed from the crystallization of his ulna or skin and he's not using it to deflect the b*ll*ts! He's defying the Laws of Physics by severing high

-speed, spinning b*ll*ts in mid

-flight! Why does that sword shine?! What's creating the light?! Mein Gott, he's coming straight at me! Wh

-What's this sound?! As Cars made his advance, Stroheim observed and understood the secret of the Shining Sword! It wasn't just a sharp sword he was dealing with, but a high

-speed, revolving chain of serrated teeth! An infinitesimal chain of sharp shark

-teeth revolving in rapid succession around the sword! The crystal

-structure of these teeth refract light, giving the illusion of a shining sword! I

-I am still powerless! Even with these w*apon and our advancements in Science, we are powerless to stop the Pillar Men! This "Santana" you refer to was naught but a whelp! A Neanderthal without thought! He was a peon in comparison to us! I think it's time I relieve you of the Ultimate Aja C

-Cars! The shine of his sword is frigid enough to freeze It's sharp enough to slash straight through steel My bare hands can't defend against anything that sharp! If I even try to use the Ripple Fingers on him, I'd lose more than my fingers! If I could, I would run the Hell away right now! I don't stand a chance against Cars! I can't even think up a decent scheme against his sword! But I can't let him leave with the Ultimate Aja! If he uses it now to reach his ultimate evolutionary stage, then we're all buggered! Goddammit! I've got enough to deal with because of Wham's bloody ring, but now I've got to bear the brunt of Cars's choler! It's double

-betrothal all over again! Is the Ultimate Aja in this pocket? It is, indeed! I've waited 4000, no, 5000 years to behold the luster of the Ultimate Aja! This was to have been mine from eons ago! Cars! Patiens! I will dismember you now! H

-He's enraged, alright.

This is a real pickle.

He's got the Ultimate Aja now! Cars SturmbannfÃ¼hrer Stroheim has yet to be subdued! The technological advancements of the Third Reich have no equal! Shut your stupid mouth up, Stroheim! Why are you still trying to provoke him with your pomp?! Bathe in the light of my Ultraviolet Deathray! The gemstone's free! U

-Uh it's sliding down the slope S

-Scheisse! It's sliding down towards the cliff! If it falls into the chasm! Wh

-What on Earth h

-happened here? Cars! Get after the stone, Jojo! You've got a good lead over Cars! O

-Oh crap Cars is making a bolt for the Ultimate Aja! And when he retrieves it, his momentum will send him straight into the chasm! He has no intention of stopping at the ledge! G

-Goddammit! It's practically a 200

-300 meter drop to the bottom! Cars could probably survive the fall without any issue, but I won't survive a fall that's around the height of the Empire State Building! C

-Cars has caught up! Jojo's running with the intention of halting at the ledge, whereas Cars is dashing for a dive into the damned chasm! I can't let this twat have the Ultimate Aja! b*at him to it, Jojo! Jojo! When I catch up to and retrieve the Ultimate Aja, I'll be left vulnerable.

You're going to make a lunge at me then, aren't you? Your main goal is to strike me with Ripple Energy, even if the Ultimate Aja falls into the chasm! Let's see how well your plan plays out! Jojo Is he! Spot on, Cars! I'll make a lunge at your back! H

-He caught the chain of the Ultimate Aja around his foot! It's dangling like a damn pendant! What's with the belittling sneer? I'm the one who should be sneering, Cars! I figured you'd try to sneak off with it but you should've saved that idiotic idea for someone stupid! I lunged not at you, but at the snow beneath you, so I could actually stop myself before the free

-fall! I retrieved the Ultimate Aja, not you! Have a nice trip, Cars! N

-No way! That sword came outta his stinkin' foot! Jojo!!! Jojo! He's falling! H

-His bloody blade's starting to assimilate into my body! Bugger off already! The distance to the bottom is exactly 170 meters! They'll crash into the chasm in about five seconds! I

-I don't wanna plummet to my death if he's gonna survive the fall! Sticky Fingers! I

-I'm too heavy! Ripple conductivity is at its highest with liquid matter, but crystalline solids are innately resistant, cutting Ripple conductivity! However, the heat generated by Joseph's hand is melting the icicle's surface, increasing Ripple conductivity and adhesion! I will have the Ultimate Aja, no matter the cost! H

-Here we go again This tenacity of theirs is just terrifying! I can expose the vulnerabilities of my foes, but this Pillar Men Tenacity is just troublesome! It's like a bloody wild card to my ace in the hole! I will k*ll to have that stone! That glacial ledge has icicles too! I just need to free myself from this blade before landing! Wait! I could just channel the Ripple through this sword and straight into Cars! Time to croak, Cars! Typical! I knew that you'd attempt to channel the Ripple through my sole's sword! Therefore I need only kick you into the cliff! And now C

-Cor blimey! H

-He's unsheathed his Shining Sword! Cars threw Jojo into the cliff

-face in order to have his body rebound, which will send Jojo back to him, straight into his sword! After I've given you a proper dismemberment, I'll retrieve the Ultimate Aja from the bottom of this chasm! No! Cut it, if you dare! You wouldn't risk destroying the Ultimate Aja to k*ll me, would you? My supporting scheme involves toying with your tenacity in attaining this stone! Here comes my Ripple Punt! You've used the Ripple to create a rope from the falling icicles by increasing adhesion! Unfortunately for you, there aren't enough falling icicles for you to use! Have no fear, I've got the length he requires right here! Caesar! I caught you just in time, Jojo! I demand an explanation! How could you two be so synchronized?! There's only one idiot who'd ever consider using icicles as a climbing rope.

I knew that Jojo was the only guy idiotic enough to stir up this sort of scheme.

That sums it up.

Fortunately for me, you stooped to my strain of stupidity in order to realize my scheme.

C

-Come again?! You did good, mate! I'm chuffed to bits, Caesar m'boy! Also, if Lisa Lisa's up there with you, tell her that the Ultimate Aja's a

-okay! I kept it from falling into Cars's grimy mitts! You were awful close though.

Caesar, do pull him up immediately.

I must admit, Crucco, your body's just chock

-full of surprises, moreso than the Pillar Men.

If you can refrain from your pompous banter, then perhaps we could cooperate.

Jojo, I'll commend your fortitude.

I'll grant you custody of the Ultimate Aja for only another day.

Five Days Remain Until Marital Dissolution This is the face of the famous resort town of St.

Moritz.

The Mecca of Winter Sports, known also as the Sun Valley, it's an ideal destination for "refined adults" to seek some R&R.

Or rather, it's a winter wonderland for the bloated buggers who can afford it! Even this cat has a pretentious prowl, as if they were the very reflection of their owner's snobbery.

Oh, the snobbery! She didn't even reach for the shrimp tail! I'll bet this pretentious princess was protected from the problems of the people.

Then let's see if a slice of smoked salmon will catch your fancy.

A bite! Smoked salmon sits well with you, eh? All you gotta do is grab it.

Just reach for it now Stretch those lanky legs of yours enough and checkmate! Caught you off guard, didn't I? The pretentious princess couldn't even nail a graceful landing.

Boy, oh boy.

I must admit, that was rather cruel of me.

I'm losing my nerve as the days go by, and I've only got five left until that ring dissolves.

Plus, I've got Crazy Cars to deal with now.

The constant, yet impending thr*at of death is causing me to panic.

Keep calm I've gotta keep calm in order to carry on, like I always do.

Jojo, pay attention! Stand here and survey that structure with us.

Sure! Be there in a jiffy.

The address that ACDC had forwarded the parcel to matches that building.

It's an abandoned, dilapidated hotel from the looks of things.

It's an ideal defense from the day's share of sunlight.

Every opening and window's been nailed shut with planks.

No sunlight'll penetrate that hotel.

Then Cars must be waiting for the sun to set from within, while also awaiting Wham's arrival.

How should we proceed from here? We should seize this opportunity to att*ck! Agreed.

While the sun still shines, Cars won't show his big

-behind.

Now is the time to strike! And you, Jojo? I am against this plan! We shouldn't strike while the sun's still out, not against him at least! We're facing a menace who's survived many millenia, solely on his wits.

I'm certain that he's well

-prepared for an afternoon as*ault! "Certain?!" He wants us to think that the path to him isn't laden with nasty surprises! Well I'm not falling for it! We'll be walking straight into his trap! Come on Jojo, you sound so reluctant.

Where's that gusto of yours gone? "A crafty w*rlord wins his battles by making no mistakes.

" The Art of w*r emphasizes caution in a crowd of confidence, especially when there's little certainty of victory.

Got cold feet, have you?! Cold feet?! If anything, my feet are calm, cool, and collected.

I'd prefer that he come for us in the eve! But victory is certain! Cars is isolated and alone, while the four of us stand idle! We've got the numerical advantage so we should seize this opportunity, before Wham's arrival! Caesar, what's your bloody rush? You need to keep calm in order for us all to carry on.

We'd be isolating ourselves by hurrying into his hideout! I am calm, and eager to exact vengeance! We both need to end the crusade our grandfathers started against the accursed Stone Mask! I will pulverize those Pillar Men! Vengeance?! For a codger you never knew?! Bollocks I say! If you were calm, you'd realize that k*lling yourself over a corpse is just crazy! Say that again, Jojo Why carry on the crusade of a codger you never met?! You'd be crazy to get yourself k*lled because of a corpse, you idiotic Italian! Caesar! You just crossed the line, Jojo! What line would that be, you

-! Now you've done it! You deserved it! Stop smacking me already, Caesar! You started it, Jojo! Did not! Caesar, cease this nonsense! Jojo, stop your jabs! Caesar! Y

-You bloody bozo Use your g*dd*mn head! What I say makes sense, doesn't it?! I thought you would've shared the same passion to end our grandfathers crusade as I, but I was wrong! I'm heading to the hotel.

Caesar, Jojo's caution is not unfounded.

We know nothing of the interior or layout of that hotel.

We should wait until the eve to strike at Cars.

My word is final, Caesar.

Remember, your vengeance comes second to defending the Ultimate Aja.

Forgive me, Maestra, but my vengeance comes first to me.

Maestra, you know that my very blood burns for vengeance, because it was my own family that brought upon this calamity.

The creator of the Stone Mask is near, and I will end the crusade of my grandfather! I can't stand by for the eve, while my family foe rests with ease! Mistress? Follow him, and if he even attempts an entry, bring him back bound.

C

-Caesar, why are you doing this? What's got you so fired up? Why can't you wait until we have an edge over him? Jojo.

You struck a nerve regarding his very private past, unintentional, as it stands.

A traumatic past that easily sends Caesar over the edge.

His private past? Wh

-What could've happened to him? I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..

In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time You've got my blood boiling, like my runt days in the Roman rookery! I was cold and cruel, and I will k*ll you! Very well! You have the honor of being hurled by wind of Whirlwind Wham! Episode 20 Caesar's Chilly Childhood
Episode 20 Caesar's Chilly Childhood Caesar Zeppeli was born to the most famous furniture maker in Naples, Mario Zeppeli.

Mario was a proud Neapolitan and a loving, reliable father of five, a man Caesar saw as his role model.

But when Caesar was ten

-years

-old, that very same father walked out on his family without a word.

Caesar's mother was already deceased, and the money left to Caesar and his siblings were swindled away by a distant relative.

Caesar's disposition as a problem

-child grew rampant, and his hatred for his father festered like a disease.

I'll bet that prick shacked up with some whore and had another family! I'm gonna find and k*ll that culo, if it's the last thing I do! Caesar's youth was incinerated by his burning vengeance.

He partook in several crimes including arson, battery, larceny, and petty theft.

The only crime that hasn't sullied his hands is m*rder.

His infamy made him a man to be feared, even by mafiosi.

Be you the bambino who goes by Caesar? Whose son are you? I'm my own man! I'm sorry, you must not be Italian then.

Y'see, we Italians like knowing who our fathers are.

Caesar's regular routine of battery begins with an unrelenting wrench to the jaw, followed by an uppercut to his immobilized opponent.

Caesar had yet to know that his fists were empowered with Ripple energy.

And when Caesar was 16

-years

-old It's him That son of a bitch! he was ready to soil his hands after spotting his father in the streets of Rome.

Alas! Wh

-What are these things?! A diamond An embedded diamond.

Giovane, don't touch that damn diamond! Vaffan

-! What's with this wall? D

-Don't touch these jewels They're booby traps Caesar was completely clueless to the crusade of his grandfather, Will A.

Zeppeli, which led to his brutal death, and the dedication of his son, Mario Zeppeli, who traveled the world to learn the Art of Mystics for the sole purpose of defeating the very Pillar Men embedded within this wall.

Caesar had no idea of the scope of their crusade.

G

-Giovane, hear my plea In Venice, there's a lady by the name of Lisa Lisa Only she knows how to deal with these damn things Whether it was by the pull of the wall or Caesar's matured visage, Mario was unable to recognize his own son in his final moments.

Pa

-! Caesar realized then Hurry! that his father left him and his siblings in order to keep them safe from the horrors of his crusade.

Please, hurry Padre! Once, four folks arose from the fires of Hell Shijima no soko kara mezameru sono hashiratachi toki wo koe and awoke from their pillars after eons of eternal slumber.

Their ambition for power assembled Shinku no chishio ga the blood of a few b*mb braves.

tachiagaru yuuki wo hikiawaseru But one brave, whose fate was bound in his blood, Uketsugu ai wo sadame to yobu nara hohoemu me de tsugi no te wo sh*t a sly smirk at his destined demise.

He would deceive the darkness and dodge the danger! Yami wo azamuite setsuna wo kawashite He would exploit the flaws of the foes he faced! Yaiba surinuke yatsura no suki wo tsuke And his memory would live on for all posterity! Tsuranuita omoi ga mirai wo hiraku He's like a bloody storm! Atsuku like a bloody stone Red

-hot like a bloody stone, ketsumyaku ni kizamareta innen ni but would he be ever free of the cursed fate of his family? Who can say, but the bonds of these braves Ukiagaru kienai hokori no kizuna nigirishimete will never be buried.

Caesar's Chilly Childhood Episode I get it now From that moment, his years of hatred for his father converted to profound pride for his family name.

Caesar took up the cause of his father and began training in the Art of Mystics.

Caesar owes Cars some payback for his pappy Sorry about that, Caesar.

I had a cock

-up about your granpappy with all the corpse

-talk But if you're game to be walking straight into Cars's trap, then I'll bet you've got a scheme or two up your sleeve.

I've changed my mind! If you're gonna as*ault Cars in the afternoon, then I'll be there to as*ault him with you, Caesar Zeppeli! Snowfall from last night left a fresh layer of snow and a pair of footprints.

Wh

-Who's that?! I could've sworn I saw something just now! Do my eyes deceive me?! They do not! They're honest! Who the Hell is that?! Caesar They've disappeared again! They can keep up this Harry Houdini act, but I know they've gotta be within five meters of me! Could this be one of Cars's tricks?! With the sun shining this bright, there's no way he could set foot outside! The Feline Feet! A fundamental stance in Wushu! Caesar is by no

-means a practitioner of Wushu, but he instinctively adapted a flexible stance which would allow him to effectively anticipate and counter att*cks from any direction! Caesar! What's wrong with you?! The Mistress specifically told you not to attempt any entry! Stay where you are, Instructor Messina! I can't move a muscle now, let alone attempt an entry! Something's guarding the door leading within! "Something?" I see nothing, aside from snow

-! Th

-There's a footprint! It leapt! They're attacking from the air! You're Wham! Instructor Messina! This is bad! That was Wham, meaning that he and Cars are both holed up inside! But why?! How could Wham manage to bask in the sunlight?! Could it be related to his transparency?! Where is that provocative prattler at? I've heard of Jojo's remarkable growth from Master Cars.

Where is the man responsible for Master ACDC's annihilation? Wind Wham possesses the mastery of wind, making his transparency the work of wind.

And the pipes that are protruding from his abdomen are producing air.

I can only barely make him out due to the steam from those pipes That's it! Those pipes are blowing out the steam in his abdomen, and he's coating his body with it! His body's undergoing the photorefractive effect! The steam surrounding him is causing sunlight to bend and refract, giving him a windbreaker from UV rays! That's why he seems transparent! Jojo's not with you.

You are Caesar, the Bubble Blower, aye? Your reaction to my action was instinctive, leading me to believe that you too have grown as much as he.

Very well! You will have the honor of being whacked by Whirlwind Wham first! "Whack" my ass, Wham! You've got my blood boiling back to when I was a rogue in the rookeries of Rome! Back, to when my proud father was ensnared by your booby trap! I was a cold and cruel criminal, and I will k*ll you! You think your wind'll burst my bubbles again, do you?! Well not this time! I've got the suds to slice through your wind! It's a technique inspired by Nonno Zeppeli's Ripple Ripper! Suds Saucers! They're high

-speed, high

-rotary spinning saucers of suds! The Ripple energy within each saucer makes them unburstable! Your windbreaker of steam is like a vacuum for my saucers to be sucked straight into your skin! H

-His Ripple powers have improved vastly beyond my own expectations! You Mystic menace! You're not going back into the hotel without a few souvenirs! Skimming Suds Saucers! As you fall from being struck by my suds I'll finish you through my Ripple Kick! Wham's next reaction would shock Caesar! Caesar expected Wham to stabilize himself to stop from stumbling over in order to shorten the distance between himself and the hotel door.

But instead of stopping Wham utilized the momentum of the fall to escape! Wh

-Wham's no ordinary immortal ogre The intellect he displays in battle is nothing short of ingenious! But no matter his intelligence, he surely sustained severe wounds from my saucers Now I have the advantage! And I know just what scheme to use within to ensure my victory! At this moment, my senses are at the pinnacle of their peaks.

I'm sensitive to even the slightest shift in the air.

I'm on a high, like how I was back in the day.

I'm without a bead of sweat, and my respiration's stable.

I'll finish this fight with my reinforced Ripple powers! Instructor Messina! Are you ready to fight me without that windbreaker of yours now, Wham? They're gone! Both Caesar and Messina! Did they go inside the hotel already?! I

-Is that an arm?! Be blown to bits, Wham! Bubble Blaster! I've burst these bubbles before! Suds Saucers! Fight me, you coward! I am no coward! Suds Saucers! You're washed up, Wham! Skimming Suds Saucers! Wham! Enough child's play! Savor my Sacred

-! Hold your horses and survey your surroundings! The saucers I've unleashed have been orbiting the interior as Suds Lenses! Lenses? And that hole in the wall you escaped through is like the shutter of a camera, frozen in its photographic flash! The lenses will refract the UV rays of sunlight outside, and enlighten this interior! Sunlight?! You are paralyzed! Paralyzed into a strip of photographic film! Bathe and burn in the warmth, Wham! Deploying your windbreaker once more? Not while I'm around! This time, I'll finish you off directly with my Ripple energy! The single lunge in that single moment would cost Caesar dearly! The single moment when Caesar's body eclipsed the UV rays was the moment when Wham turned the tables on him! Once more, Caesar learned a painful lesson from the intellect of the weathered warrior! Surge forth Sacred Sandstorm! Th

-This destructive force I

-It couldn't be! could only come from Wham's Sacred Sandstorm! Then Caesar's been struck by it?! I am astounded by the strength of your growth I am sate Sate from a duel long overdue Master Mystic! My victory was but a close victory! Were it not for my Sacred Sandstorm which blasted back your Suds Lenses I would've succumbed to the sunlight of your saucers.

Were Master Cars to have met and dueled you with his Shining Sword instead of my Sacred Sandstorm Master Cars would've emerged victorious, while sustaining injuries more grievous than my own.

Enough.

Your body now stands broken and battered from our battle.

My Sacred Sandstorm has left your muscles and veins in shreds.

Enough! Our duel is done.

No longer will you feel even the slightest spark of Ripple energy, for you suffer from severe desanguination.

The severity of this desanguination has doomed you to Death.

Enough.

Farewell.

Go now, and begin your ascension.

What?! The antidote to my wedding band?! What good would it do you? I fear not Death I am the proud successor to the Zeppeli family but I've failed in my crusade.

An ogre would never understand the human value of family My father gave his life to save mine, unknowing that the life he saved was that of his own son's.

Even Nonno relinquished his life and powers to save that of Jojo's grandfather, Jonathan.

With the curtain of my life coming to a close, my final act must be as theirs! One final performance of panache before departing! My soul shines with the same zest of the Zeppeli men that preceded me! The zest of the human soul! Jojo!!! This is my Ripple of Rest! Take it away!!! Take it away!!! That was Caesar! That was Caesar's g*dd*mn shout! I heard it! Did something happen to him?! Caesar!!! He blew one last bubble with his blood.

One last bubble infused with his remaining Ripple energy.

He used his remaining energy to make a memento for Jojo, instead of channeling it into his fists Then he shall have it.

I do not consider this an act of sympathy, but I do respect the strength and will of a warrior.

An honorable warrior whose will and sacrifice is worthy of my respect.

Your memory shall remain within my own for all eternity, Caesar A Mystic whose brief life burst as beautifully as the bubbles he bore.

Th

-The only tornado that could've torn through here is Wham's Sacred Sandstorm! If Caesar took his att*ck head

-on! A bloody bubble Th

-This couldn't possibly be Caesar's bandana is inside! And so is a ring! It's Wham's lip ring! This Ripple energy I feel is definitely C

-Caesar's! Ever since we set foot in here, I tried so hard not to shout out for Caesar.

I was too scared to shout out for him, because if I did and there wasn't any response from him, save for a serene silence, then I would know Know, what I tried so bloody hard to deny! But I can't deny it anymore I now know everything that happened in here from the sensation of that bubble, alone.

Caesar d*ed shortly before we broke through! g*dd*mn him! g*dd*mn the snobbery of that irritable Eyetie! That prick left us stupid prezzies to boot! Caesar, where the Hell are you at?! Wakey

-wakey! I'll dig you out, so just give me a sign, Caesar! Jojo! Do cease your sobbing and searching for Caesar already.

Come again?! The odds are now even between them and ourselves.

Two

-on

-two.

That stairway of blood above is a real sigh of relief since Wham had surely sustained severe injuries from Caesar as well.

We may be in their stronghold, but we'll still push on and persevere.

Get to it, Jojo.

Take that antidote and we'll begin our pursuit.

Y

-You heartless homegirl! Won't you shed a g*dd*mn tear or two for Caesar already?! Mistress Lisa Lisa your butt's backwards.

Lisa Lisa is my Master, and as a master, she has to act cold to keep my focus fixed.

But she's the one who really wants to wail n' weep for the man who looked to her as a mother and mentor.

She's telling me to keep my eyes on the prize Caesar, I know I was a real selfish jerk in your eyes, but even I've learned to clue into the tune of another.

Maybe I've matured some But when I m*rder them, they'll wish I was even more mature! I won't let your sacrifice be in vain! I

-It's blood So Caesar's underneath Caesar Caesar! CAESAR!!! Within this hotel, Cars and Wham await the arrival of Jojo and Lisa Lisa, but their arrival will be postponed due to an outburst of emotion.

Jojo screamed for Caesar ceaselessly, while Lisa Lisa shed tears for her tragic disciple.

Jojo continued screaming with the expectation of hearing Caesar's shout, but it was not to be.

Caesar was now deceased, and the serene silence that followed their anguished cries only affirmed this fact.

His body may be gone, but his soul still lives on Under this slab, Caesar Zeppeli rests eternal.

Next Time You've caught me in a foul mood.

An embrace to end all embraces! When the full moon is at it's apex, we shall race! Both of you shall be broken before the break of dawn! Shine with me, Caesar! Episode Lisa Lisa's Long Sh
This hotel was originally constructed as a castle during the 14th Century.

It was only remodeled into a hotel during the 20th Century, but when the landlord passed away in 1928, the hotels operations ceased.

Cars was taken by the secluded hotel and used it as his stronghold against sunlight.

Jojo and Lisa Lisa realized prior to their entry that they knew nothing of the hotel's interior, and may be entrapped in enemy territory.

Shijima no soko kara Once, four folks arose from the fires of Hell mezameru sono hashiratachi toki wo koe and awoke from their pillars after eons of eternal slumber.

Their ambition for power assembled Shinku no chishio ga the blood of a few b*mb braves.

tachiagaru yuuki wo hikiawaseru But one brave, whose fate was bound in his blood, Uketsugu ai wo sadame to yobu nara sh*t a sly smirk at his destined demise.

hohoemu me de tsugi no te wo Yami wo azamuite setsuna wo kawashite He would deceive the darkness and dodge the danger! He would exploit the flaws of the foes he faced! Yaiba surinuke yatsura no suki wo tsuke Tsuranuita omoi ga mirai wo hiraku And his memory would live on for all posterity! He's like a bloody storm! Red

-hot like a bloody stone, Atsuku like a bloody stone ketsumyaku ni kizamareta innen ni but would he be ever free of the cursed fate of his family? Ukiagaru kienai hokori no kizuna Who can say, but the bonds of these braves will never be buried.

nigirishimete Episode Lisa Lisa's Long sh*t g*dd*mn! What's with these waves of spider webs?! Tidy up the blasted place, will ya?! We're in foul enough moods already without these webs to worsen it! But this bloody trail is making me a bit cheery, since it tells me that Wham has indeed sustained severe injuries.

Caesar slashed him up good before succumbing, I'll bet.

We should finish him off before he recovers from his rest! Let's be on our way, Mistress Lisa Lisa! What's the matter? W

-Well I find this creepy handle to be rather chilling.

It's akin to holding the cold hand of another man.

I am no door, ja?! Who was that?! Over here, Herr.

And I am no door, ja?! He's a vampire! Back away from him! Jojo! If you weren't blocking me with those balls, I could've slashed the skin off your face, ja? I am Beck the Wire, ja? I was once imprisoned for strangling my sweetheart to death, but I made my escape and came across Master Cars, who offered me immortality, ja? He's my master, ja? And I won't allow you home

-wrecking rats to disturb my masters' rest, ja? So, they've g*n turning the populace into vampires for their own nourishment! Escaped, have you? Then personally, I think I'd better handle your execution, Escapee.

Why don't you bend your head over and get ready for the guillotine? Mistress? You're a real sight for sore eyes, ja? Your skin's so silky

-smooth too, ja? Let me embrace you, and I'll suck your blood to the last drop, ja? You've caught me in a foul mood.

I'd rather be blind and deaf than see your filthy face and hear your shrill speech.

However, you're welcome to try and attempt an embrace.

An embrace leaving you anguished in your journey to the Afterlife.

Spikes! Th

-That's what cut 'em! His extra hand wasn't the one that split my bolas, but his spikes! He changed his body hair into wires and condensed them into sharp spikes! I despise it when women snub my sweet

-talk, ja? It makes me want to strangle 'em more, ja? I'll embrace ja! I'll skewer and strangle ja in my loving embrace! Crikey! I didn't think he was that fast on his feet! Her muffler?! I get it! She's gonna channel Ripple energy into that muffler and use it on him! What's with the muffler? Are ja trying to strangle me with it? Hilarious, ja? It tears so easily, ja? Where are ja going? Let's continue on inside, Jojo.

G

-Got it.

Her stroke was swift and as smooth as silk and the most effortless execution I've ever seen! Don't walk away from me, ja?! Herr Rat, that bitch deserves a good strangling, ja? Nein, ja yokel.

You're finished, ja? She's done you in with her hold, ja? You been wrapped in the Ripple, ja? Who are you kidding, ja

-! OHHHHH! NOOOOO! She's got a real handle on things! I thought her feminine side would make her frail n' feeble in a fight, but her technique is so much more refined than my own! Golly gee whiz! She's proved that her title of "Master" was well

-earned! Jojo, you haven't taken the antidote Caesar left for you yet, have you? No, not yet Why? Well, I've decided to take the antidote after I whack Wham.

When Caesar d*ed, he broke my "warrior's word of honor" with Wham, so I've sworn to Caesar that I wouldn't take this until after I've defeated Wham.

Lisa Lisa, would you mind holding onto it until then? I would.

It's not my burden to bear because I may already have another burden to bear.

The further they pursued Wham into the hotel, the more they noticed that his trail of blood slowly turned into trickles.

Jojo and Lisa Lisa were well aware of the symbolic meaning of these trickles for it represented the regeneration of Wham's wounds.

They've arrived.

I've been waiting for you Your growth is indeed remarkable, Jojo.

I've got a bloody bone to pick with you, after what you did to Caesar

-! Calm yourself, Jojo.

Do divert your attention to the floor.

Don't worry, Mistress.

I am calm.

I've seen the set of footprints on the floor, all right.

The extra set, too.

And they belong to Cars! Come out, come out, wherever you are! Stop hiding and show yourself! Yes, their footprints are the only ones which left a visible impression even though the respiration occurring within this room is several times their own! So it was her I see now.

A wise woman with a warrior's intellect and perception.

The force behind the miraculous growth of both Caesar and Jojo is now known to me! You've even sensed the abnormal respirations as well.

You must be a master of the Art of Mystics! C

-Cor blimey! Goddammit, they're all vampires! Are they mute, too?! That's rather unnerving! Cars! We are the Warriors of Night, hand

-picked personally by Master Cars! We are one

-hundred

-strong, and on the command of our Master, we shall dissect and tear you two apart, Jojo! W

-We're buggered! Mistress Lisa Lisa, what hope do we have against a hundred of 'em?! Master Cars, a moment! Jojo and I made an agreement to have our duel in the Colosseum, and avenging Master ACDC remains a prerogative.

Master Cars, please acquiesce to our arranged duel! I shall not.

Acquiring the Ultimate Aja always remains our main prerogative Make no mistake, Wham.

Aiens.

He makes a fine point, Wham! I ain't up for any duel, not anymore.

I'm confident that I can defeat you, but even if I do, I've got a hundred vampires to face afterwards.

Damned if I duel, damned if I don't.

I just don't see the point anymore, especially if I'm doomed to die either way.

I'm calling it quits Goddammit! They spotted my thread I thought I'd save myself the trouble of facing them with the Thread Shredder, too Minions, dismember them both! Dismember us, and the Ultimate Aja will be lost for all eternity.

Cessatis! Speak sense, Woman! I am not so foolish as to deliver the very prize you seek so, straight into your hands.

A device's been attached to the Ultimate Aja, and if neither Jojo nor I return by a certain time, the device will detonate, shattering the stone into shards.

I won't buy into your provocation, Woman.

But I'd wager that neither you nor your horde will find the stone in time.

The expl*sive range itself is small, but it has enough force to leave the Ultimate Aja fractured.

Did she seriously strap a time

-b*mb onto the stone? It's news to me, but I'd better play along with her.

She's not joking, Cars! We die, and bada

-bing bada

-boom, the stone's doomed.

Be that as it may, I cannot allow either of you to leave alive! I agree, with a slight suggestion.

I would allow Jojo and Wham to keep their arranged duel, and that would leave me to duel you, Cars.

And the winner will receive the Ultimate Aja! Erk! Edepol! The winner will receive the Ultimate Aja, and the right to survive.

Why prolong the inevitable? The battle for the Ultimate Aja and the future will end with one side left standing.

Will the Pillar Men prevail, or will Humanity triumph? Curse you, Woman! Wham! Forgive my snicker, Master Cars.

J

-Jolly good! Lisa Lisa's long sh*t's even better than my own damn bluffs! You have bold words, Woman.

I shall acquiesce and duel you for the Ultimate Aja! But make no mistake! Neither of you shall live to see the dawn! She's managed to bring us outta the fire and back into the frying pan! Well, what are we waiting for? Let's duel! Our duels will take place at another hour, in a more appropriate arena.

When and where would you desire the duel, Wham? We duel tonight, when the full moon is at its apex.

Our arena is located 15 kilometers south of here, at the base of Piz Berlina.

We shall duel in the ancient hippodrome known as the "Skeleton Stone Heel.

" It is a sacred arena, where warriors came to claim glory from the heads of their fellows! A hippodrome?! Who said that you'd get to pick?! I ain't letting you two have the upper

-hand! A peculiar, yet perfect arena for our duels, Wham.

And in regards to the Ultimate Aja, Jojo You are to bring the stone to the hippodrome at the stroke of midnight, tonight.

Without the expl*sive device, of course.

Your master shall remain with us as our hostage! Lisa Lisa! They're ensuring that neither of us can renege on our word.

I would do the same.

Jojo, be a good boy and fetch the Ultimate Aja.

You know where to look.

I will, and I'll bring it straight to the arena.

Believe me, Mistress.

I already do.

Caesar It was only yesterday when I stopped being such a self

-absorbed bell

-end.

And this enigmatic emotion that has me on fire Could it be "compassion" for my fellow man? Goddammit! If only I could bash both their heads in now! Out of compassion, I swear to Messina, Lisa Lisa, and to Caesar's spirit, that I'll end this crusade! She didn't attach any time

-b*mb to it, after all.

Even I might've caved if they called me on that big of a bluff, you crazy cheat! Should I bring her a change of undergarments, or not? Who's this old crone? It's Nanna Erina! Why's Lisa Lisa carrying a picture of her around? What's with this one? "May 22, 1889.

" It's 49

-years

-old! Could this dashing gent be Great

-Uncle?! Nanna Erina?! And Straits, holding a baby in his arms?! Lisa Lisa Come to think of it, I don't know a damn thing about her past, her present, nada.

But why would she have these photographs? It's the genuine article.

We shall keep our word as well and duel you both, one

-on

-one.

Since you spotted these two photographs already, then I suppose I have some explaining to do.

I was going to open up before your duel, regardless.

Who are you? In 1889, Miss Erina lost her husband, Jonathan Joestar, on their honeymoon voyage over the Atlantic.

Your grandfather, I'm sure you know.

Before the ship sunk, Miss Erina saved the life of a little lass.

That little lass was me.

The little lass in that photo was me.

H

-Hold it If that was you 49 years ago If you were a baby 49 years ago h

-how old would that make you, exactly?! F

-Fifty, perhaps?! I

-I

-I

-I

-If you're in your fifties, then aren't you a

-an old bag?! The math makes sense B

-But you look like you're still in your late twenties.

The Art of Mystics utilizes lifeforce, so I suppose your appearance could be maintained with the Ripple But that also explains why you're such an uncute, cold, old crone What if I said that I could see crows feet under your eyes? Minions, ready the arena for our duels! Light the cauldron! We're short on time for the full explanation but I'll cover what I can.

You and I are related in many ways.

Related? My parents d*ed due to the Stone Mask, and after Miss Erina saved my little life, her pregnancy made caring for me difficult, so she entrusted me into Straits's care.

Sh

-She gave you to Straits?! He disciplined me into the Art of Mystics, and entrusted me with the Ultimate Aja, as well.

S

-So basically, Straits was your foster father?! He was, and it brought me to sorrow to hear that old age drove him to madness.

To be honest, I have conflicting feelings because of your hand in his death, but all life eventually ends in Death.

Well I'll be damned C

-Could this get any more awkward? I k*lled my Master's only father

-figure Lisa Lisa's led a sorrowful life, just like Nanna Erina and I We're out of time for talk, Jojo.

Wh

-What's with these quakes?! They're ready.

At last, the true duel can be underway with them Wh

-What are they?! Make way! Those who don't will be trampled to death! Wh

-What are those, dinosaurs?! N

-No wait, they're horses, aren't they!? My Masters, make way for the chariot! The strength of these beasts bests my own! Master Wham, make way! These are excellent w*r horses.

These horses had their brains pierced by the Stone Mask's spines, evolving them into Vampequines.

"V

-Vampequines?!" Wham and Jojo's duel in this arena shall commence in the ceremony of chariot combat! "Chariot combat?!" Aye, akin to the gladiator

-driven chariot races of the Roman Republic.

You are to race these horses around the arena while dueling your opponent! Either driver may fall from the chariot, leading to an inevitable trampling, or be fatally struck by the opposing driver during the race! The victor is the last man standing! You're in for a ride, Jojo! Vampequines draw these chariots with the strength of 150 horses! Even Master Wham will struggle to hold tight to the reins! Wait a bloody second here! I'm game for chariot combat, chariot racing, whatever floats your boat, but not with these "vampequines!" They're your loyal lackeys, no?! Fret not.

The reins are designed to conduct Ripple energy.

Wham will control the horses with his sheer strength, but you will be able to steer the Vampequines with your Ripple energy.

A

-Are you sure about that? They look rather rabid Watch your hand there! You may steer them with minimal Ripple energy.

Wham! Wham has adorned the garments of gladiators for this duel.

He is determined.

Determined to exterminate his foe, which is made ever

-evident with his visage.

Defeat him, Jojo.

Humanity must triumph this morning! Show no mercy! Wham! I don't plan on taking your damn antidote until after I've kept my promise to Caesar, and pounded you into pudding.

And this promise will imbue me with strength greater than I've ever known! Shine with me, Caesar! Let's ride, Vampequines! Next Time Wham! Cedo! Episode Gallant Gladiator
To the victor, the Ultimate Aja! Jojo and Wham's ceremony of chariot combat shall be the first of two duels to commence! You may begin your duel when the moonlight is no longer obscured by the passing cloud above! Wham! Shut yer filthy flaps up already! Where are my cheerleaders, eh? One lap around the track is 960 meters, and these vampequines can easily make that one lap in one minute.

Also, look to the pillar yonder.

There will be a w*apon or two for us to take from that pillar after every lap.

w*apon? The first to reach the w*apon will be the sole wielder for the entirety of the race.

And the w*apon for this first lap is the Herculean Hammer! One stroke of that hammer would blow this chariot off to kingdom come! If Wham reaches it before I do, not only would I be buggered, but I'd be indubitably buggered! But if I were to take it before him, and coat it in oil to increase Ripple conductivity, he'd be indubitably buggered! I expect a battle of epic proportions from you, Jojo.

The moon has neared the edge of the cloud The moonlight shall soon shine once more! Jojo, why are you off your chariot?! The moonlight will shine soon! You don't have to tell me twice, but a brisk start is the key to victory.

I need to clear the rubble that's underneath my wheels.

Hey Wham, there's a bit of rubble underneath your wheels, too.

I'd clear them if I were you.

Jojo, get back on your chariot! Jojo! Cedo! Episode Gallant Gladiators Cedo! What the

-! M

-Master Wham's spurt has been stalled! There's rubble under the wheel! He threw them underneath! That was quite crafty of him.

Curses! While we were watching the moon unveil, he stooped to such trickery! Yer a dirty deceiver! Chiseler! Coming from decrepit corpses, I'll take that as a compliment! In a duel to the death, there's no shame in being a little dirty! No limits, no restrictions, all manner of foul play is fair game, you stinkers! He's approaching the first pillar! k*ll the human! Jojo will take the Herculean Hammer Why, good evening to you there! I'll hold you soon, my dear hammer! You're mine now! Th

-The breakneck speed of these steeds is loosening my grip! Oh, Hell! Jojo! Whoa! I caught it on the ring on my bloody pinkie! A

-At least I have the upper

-hand on Wham now! And he's defenseless! You may have that hammer.

It was never my desired w*apon to begin with.

Wham has a plan for this man.

A painful plan, concocted from the wisdom of a warrior! I have one greased Herculean Hammer that's ready to wreck! It's just waiting to smash your skull in, Wham! Wham's decreased the speed of his steeds Speed is not of the essence in chariot combat, but the rider's equestrianism and use of w*apon are both key to victory.

As well as their instinctive tact.

I think it's high

-time I hold these horses up, so I can whack Wham once and for all! Jojo, you don't want to slow your steeds' speed there! You may have a hammer, but I Well Wham, are you ready to give a big, warm welcome for this here hammer of mine? Look! That happy

-face he had from holding his hammer has all but vanished! H

-His creative craft for warfare has exceeded my own! Damn! Jojo, lash your steeds and increase your speed! Too late! My stroke has forced you to abandon both your chariot and horses! The duel was done from the moment the pillar fell.

How will he avoid my horses now? Jojo! The odds of the Vampequines trampling him to death is incredibly high, while the odds of him dodging either horse is incredibly low.

Well Jojo, how will your cunning save you from this circumstance? M

-My hammer Where's my hammer?! He wants his hammer?! He's got bigger things to worry about! He might as well hammer his own head with it now! He has to avoid those horses, but when he does, Wham will most likely halt his horses and slay Jojo with his Sacred Sandstorm! But above all odds, Jojo dashed straight for the oncoming horses! Good thinking, Jojo! Way to use your hammer! He slammed his hammer down onto the pole between the horses! The horses saddled forth from the strike! Jojo had used the Herculean Hammer to heave himself into the air! I

-Inconceivable! He propelled himself above forelegs of the horses and escaped unscathed! Hot damn! And now, I think it's high

-time that I play "Whack

-a

-Wham!" He's gone?! B

-But where to?! The wisdom of Wham will always overwhelm that of your whelp's! I

-I forgot! They can conceal themselves within the bodies of other organisms! Nice try! H

-He left his boot! If it wasn't for that blasted boot Master Wham could've held his foot firm to the Vampequine! The jig is up! It was over the moment your ring caught this hammer for me! Lady Luck's smiling sweet fer me! Look at what you've done to yourself, Wham! You've trapped yourself inside the Vampequine and left yourself without a way to escape! Heave

-ho! Be Rippled to bits, along with this horse of yours! The fool has yet to realize his own folly! Back off, Jojo! Get as far away from Wham as you can! Even after assimilating with the horse, Wham was never limited to just one arm! Neither was the Vampequines pace an issue for him! Meaning he'll be struck by the full extent of Wham's fatal flurry, as Caesar was! Savor my Sacred Sandstorm! The duration of this duel lasted about half a lap, but I admit that I found it to be fairly intriguing on two to three levels.

Ultimately, not even that provocateur could best Wham's perfected prowess and psyche.

I am to duel you next, but in all honesty, I derive little delectation from dueling a woman, as would Wham.

Nevertheless, all meddlesome Mystics must ultimately meet their extinction.

Neca te ipsum.

The poison leads to a painless path.

Jumped to conclusions, have you? Their duel has not yet ended, you dimwit.

M

-Master Cars, behold Master Wham! Impossible! Both of Master Wham's arms have been nearly severed! H

-How could this be H

-How and when were Wham's arms injured so?! Master, Jojo has awoken from the blow! He's moving, too! F

-Fooled you once, fooled you twice! H

-He was even struck by the full force of the Sacred Sandstorm Y

-Yet, he lives! "Full force?" It was the full force of Jojo's craftiness that convinced you of his defeat.

He's a chiseler by nature, and the best bluffer I know.

Neither traits are commendable by convention.

Behold Wham's waist, and the pieces will fall in place.

C

-Could he have tied Wham's arms together with reins which carried Ripple energy?! That would explain the sapped strength of the Sacred Sandstorm! When Wham reached to grab a hold of my leg, I figured that he could also use his other arm to strike me with the Sacred Sandstorm.

I had to be a step ahead of him! Behold the visage of Master Wham! His face is pale and drenched in sweat! Master Wham's focus is also lost to the sky! Wh

-What will we do?! They're entering the second lap! B

-But how could furnish the pillar when Master Wham appears so bewildered?! Does Master Wham have any will left to duel?! He has been left aghast.

Never before, has his most prided technique been desecrated so by Ripple energy.

He's been left bereft of the pluck and pride he's procured over several thousands of years.

The weathered warrior has never been left flabbergasted so by the bitter taste of plausible defeat.

But "plausible" it remains! Hurry, and take the w*apon for the second lap into the arena! That's Master Cars's signal! Then the riders shall have their w*apon! The w*apon for the second lap are the Cannonball Crossbows! Both crossbows come equipped with two cannonballs, and either rider may choose the larger or smaller of crossbows! W

-Wait, there are two sizes to choose from now?! Lisa Lisa, perhaps the following thought is passing through your mind.

"Wham no longer maintains the focus needed to continue this duel, and yet, Cars still gave them w*apon, aware of this handicap.

It just doesn't make sense.

" Then let me enlighten you.

I gave my handicapped rider w*apon because he is alike a gallant gladiator of yore.

In professional sports, there is an recovery ritual known as the "Handicap Hurdle.

" When athletes find themselves suffering the emotional setbacks from a handicap, they find a way to hurdle themselves over that handicap with a stimulus.

The greater the emotional setback, the greater the necessitated stimulus.

And Wham's necessitated stimulus was B

-Bloody Hell! What's he done to himself?! M

-Master Wham has gouged out his own eyes with his thumbs! I relied excessively upon my sense of sight and thus, was my sight exploited.

But now, my sole sense of sight shall come from the wind against my horn! He stimulated himself so, that his focus shall remain forever fixed.

Wham will no longer be hindered by any handicap.

He's overcome his loss of eyesight with his "anemometer" of a horn, and will use the wind to perceive the projection of his foe.

W

-Well, whoop

-de

-doo! Gouging out your eyes changes nothing! What we gained from the stimulus of losing Caesar was the kick

-in

-our

-arses your eye

-gouging could never give! Which crossbow will you choose, Chiseler? Which will I choose? Obviously I'll choose the colossal crossbow! It packs a bigger punch than the other one! The punch is bigger, all right Indeed, it is.

Wh

-What the

-! I can't pull the string back into the latch! I

-It's a stiff string! Is it even physically possible for me to pull it back?! Serves you right! You'd need a conventional pulley to pull back the stiff string on that crossbow! Misfortune befalls the overambitious, doesn't it?! My first cannonball shall guide me to his gust.

I've gauged the distance between our chariots.

My final cannonball shall strike him down! Crikey! How can I pull this bloody string back?! Master Wham, trample that prattler into pÃ¢tÃ© for us! We shall dine upon the "pÃ¢tÃ©" of his remains! I

-I figured as much! His horn can't discern my wind when there's a bloody bonfire blazing between us! Time to pull this string! Does he think a little heat will halt Wham's will? M

-Master Wham is aiming his w*apon at us! He's turned his focus from the flame! Jojo will always be riding by the flame and exactly opposite of Wham.

Therefore, Wham already knows where he is! So he's trying to deflect his sh*t off the walls, like the deflectors on a roulette table?! Bloody

-! His ball struck me from behind?! I surveyed the entirety of the arena during our duel, and found a wall which would deflect my ball.

B

-Breathe! The ricocheted cannonball stopped short of hollowing his body out, but his expulsion of blood would imply intestinal injury.

k*ll him, Wham! But be wary of his craft and cunning.

Approach with caution! Will he attempt a counterattack? Wh

-When the crossbow fell to the ground, the string reached the latch! I

-I have to take him by surprise! I need him to be closer Close enough to make the sh*t count! N

-Now! A counterattack! A commendable effort, but an absolute stray sh*t, nontheless.

You have my respect for attempting to mount one final offensive.

It's time, Jojo! B

-Back off! G

-Get the Hell away from me! Stay away! Just stay away! I'm begging you! H

-Have mercy on me, Wham! Jojo! The chiseler's tossing pebbles at Master Wham! He's a coward, and a contemptible chiseler! Why dont'cha die with some pride, Poltroon?! Wh

-Wham, you're gonna wail on me with the following "Don't you dare desecrate the sanctity of our duel, Jojo!" Don't you dare desecrate the sanctity of our duel with your cowardice, Jojo! Have some more! Even blinded bats could fly about and dodge these pebbles when it's sunny outside! But can you dodge what you can't hear, Wham?! Th

-That cannonball he fired struck Master Wham from behind! D

-Damn you Tricked you twice, tricked you thrice! I followed your cannonball's path of trajectory to strike you, like you did me! Silence befell the arena.

Not a sound was stirred.

Not a murmur was muttered.

All eyes were focused on the hole hollowed out from Wham's chest, like the lid atop a pumpkin.

The cannonball was small, but was imbued with Ripple energy.

Wham's wounds begin to sizzle.

The Ripple has now ruined Wham's arms, effectively sealing his Sacred Sandstorm forever.

I

-I need to use Ripple Respiration to recover You thought you could fool me with your falling feint, eh?! Well, you should've thought twice before lashing out! Ripple of Repulsion! He's won! Wham may no longer rise! H

-How could I be reduced so How could I be humiliated so How could I allow my body of 12,000 years to be battered and broken so! W

-Wait, both of his arms are gone! To seize victory, my foes must be forced to struggle and suffer! Though I am wrought with wicked wounds, and my strength has suffered such strain, I will use that which remains to grasp my victory! What

-?! He's torn them He's torn both his arms off and fired them from the cavity in his chest! The bloody Hell! G

-Goddammit! I can't use Ripple Respiration while he's strangling me! W

-Wind? Why is there wind swirling around him?! I shall unleash my ultimate technique! His ultimate technique?! H

-He wouldn't! Wait, Wham! Cease compression, now! Th

-The wind's being sucked into his pipes! Witness my Wind of Destruction! I will remember you Your silhouette will charge the view Of distance atmosphere Call it morning driving thru the sound and Even in the valley In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they Stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Along the drifting cloud the eagle searching Down on the land Catching the swirling wind the sailor sees The rim of the land The eagle's dancing wings create as weather Spins out of hand Next Time Scatter, you scum! I will do what I must The posture he strikes You just crossed the g*dd*mn line to lunacy! Only one may stand tall above all other organisms! Episode Waning into the Wind
Once, four folks arose from the fires of Hell Shijima no soko kara and awoke from their pillars after eons of eternal slumber.

mezameru sono hashiratachi toki wo koe Shinku no chishio ga Their ambition for power assembled the blood of a few b*mb braves.

tachiagaru yuuki wo hikiawaseru Uketsugu ai wo sadame to yobu nara But one brave, whose fate was bound in his blood, hohoemu me de tsugi no te wo sh*t a sly smirk at his destined demise.

He would deceive the darkness and dodge the danger! Yami wo azamuite setsuna wo kawashite Yaiba surinuke yatsura no suki wo tsuke He would exploit the flaws of the foes he faced! And his memory would live on for all posterity! Tsuranuita omoi ga mirai wo hiraku He's like a bloody storm! Red

-hot like a bloody stone, Atsuku like a bloody stone ketsumyaku ni kizamareta innen ni but would he be ever free of the cursed fate of his family? Ukiagaru kienai hokori no kizuna Who can say, but the bonds of these braves nigirishimete will never be buried.

Episode Waning into the Wind W

-Wind? Why is there wind swirling around him?! Witness my Wind of Destruction! Wh

-What kind of wind is this?! Your seat by the flame obscures my sight Jojo, I cannot clearly define your projection, but as you now suffocate from strangulation, you are powerless to avoid my Wind of Destruction as it inches towards you! Towards total decapitation! Wham's Wind of Destruction is his ultimate technique.

The very pipes he used with steam to shield himself from sunlight may also be used to intake a great deal of air which will undergo ultra

-compression within his lungs.

He then forces the air to exit through a small slit in his horn using ultrahigh

-pressure, which manifests as a small cyclone.

However, in order to accommodate the ultrahigh

-pressure, his body undergoes extreme strain.

Strain so extreme, that his body begins deteriorating as a consequence of usage.

But I find that frailty to be quite captivating.

Do decapitate him for me! Do so, and I shall acquire the human blood required for your rejuvenation! Jojo! I

-It's close! I need to cook up a scheme, quick! I'll use my canteen of kerosene! H

-His pipes are sucking all the wind into his gut like suction tubes, but if I can splash his pipes with this kerosene and flame, they'll suck up all the flaming vapor and cause an implosion! This is literally my last ace in the hole! It's do

-or

-die now! I have you now! Goddammit! Suck on this, Wham! An expl*sive lamp? Pathetic.

I may pierce any projectile flying within one

-meter of my being.

Your schemes are all but spent, and your burning bark has betrayed your bearings.

Witness my Wind of Destruction! Caesar!!! Save my skin! Another attempt to light the lamp? Try as you may, but my wind will blow away anything within a meter of me! And now, our duel will finally end after I've decapitated you! Jojo! A

-At long last Wham Your defeat was determined from the moment I tossed Caesar's bandana at you.

I wanted you to slice my canteen in half, you half

-wit! Your pipes' ceaseless suction of the canteen's contents was essential to your defeat! You've been sucking aerosolized kerosene vapor into your gut, as well as Caesar's shredded bandana! The The flames are still lit, and my pipes are sucking the flames within! Wham, you were the most adept adversary I've ever had, but the combined effort of my fallen friend and I defeated you in the end.

H

-He lost Master Wham's been whacked! Remember Jojo, all Pillar Men can recover from any injuries sustained, even from explosions! The only certain way to defeat them is by channeling Ripple energy on contact! O

-Our duel has finally ended Jojo It did.

Have you avenged Caesar? I have.

Then go, and deal unto me Death.

I will! What are you doing?! The fumes curling up from your head's not smoke from the implosion, but vapor from being ruined by the Ripple.

Ruin which originated from the energy that I had channeled into your chest and legs.

I've seen how much suffering the Ripple brings your people, and although your body's blasted to bits, the least I could do is alleviate your anguish with my blood.

How dare you! Do not force me to suffer in such shame! I need not your sympathy! "Sympathy?" You wanna talk to me about "sympathy?" Then tell me why you left the blood bubble containing Caesar's bandana and your ring intact.

Was it out of sympathy? I left his bubble because he was a proud and honorable warrior! I only paid my respects to an honorable warrior! You'll now spout, "Are you doing the same?!" Are you doing the same?! You bet I am.

Respect is to be paid to my adversary, and my solemn respect is due to my fallen fellow, Caesar.

Even after everything you put me through, I cannot help but pay my respects to you.

And paid it was, in my blood.

You've left me in utter defeat, Jojo.

It seems that your warrior ways are more wondrous than my own.

k*ll him! Halt! Stay your hands! Scatter, you scum! Wham! Wh

-Why did you do that?! I am dedicated to Master Cars until the end, but I will not tolerate such treachery from our servants.

I left Caesar's bubble whole out of respect, not sympathy.

I acknowledge only the strength and will of a warrior.

And only the victor may respect the final will of his fallen foe.

It is this very will in which I've disciplined myself.

Jojo Not once, have I ever yearned to prolong the eternal life that I've been endowed So long as I could wither away in this will of my own.

Now keep your word and take the antidote.

Before I am reduced to ashes.

How will you know? I need not rely on my view, wind, or words.

Your actions will speak the truth to my ears.

My life is fulfilled.

I am truly overjoyed to have witnessed your miraculous growth.

Perhaps I spent these 12,000 years of my life in search of you.

Aeternum vale, Jojo Wham waned into the wind.

As Jojo watched, he unconsciously shifted his stance into a salute to the fallen warrior.

He shed not a single tear, but his silence served as a eulogy for his enemy.

He felt an unusual fellowship between himself and Wham.

Wham, I order you to k*ll him.

I

-If I may have a word, Master Cars The object of your aggression is but a boy! A boy he be, but he must die.

The child of Mystics must never mature into adulthood, lest he becomes a great thr*at to our survival.

It takes only a decade for a boy to become a man! k*ll him now, Wham! If your warrior's will withholds your hand, then allow me to illustrate how our survival is ensured! A swift stroke is all it takes! Wham Your wholehearted warrior's will was what wasted you away! It wasted away your will to win! Wham whacked the bucket.

I had me rations riding on the rotter, too.

And what a wuss he was! The filth of these fools doesn't fail to foul the mood.

M

-Master Cars! Y

-You're sucking me dry! I am all that's left of the Pillar Men However, there need only be one to stand omnipotent over all others! Master Cars has finally tossed his turban! He's ready to duel! But there's no need for Master Cars to sully his own hands on these humans! To Hell with the duel! We'll k*ll 'em both for ye! I'll be the first to bathe in their blood! They were gonna ambush us, after all! Do recall our arrangement.

Th

-The Ultimate Aja! I, and I alone, am to duel Cars.

And if any were to interfere and renege upon our arrangement, then I will smash the Ultimate Aja into shards! I gave you my word, and I will duel you alone, as I had always intended.

The very unveiling of my horns signifies my intention to duel you.

These filthy few who've dared to thr*aten our arrangement have already fallen.

Master Cars?! I will attain the Ultimate Aja, for the sake of my fallen fellows of several millenia.

I will duel you with the exact dignity they both displayed in battle.

You meddlesome Mystics will be massacred by me, for I must now avenge both of my fallen fellows.

And Lisa Lisa, the aggression you've shown my minions was nothing short of masculine.

It is a man I face, and a man I shall mutilate! Follow me! This shall be our arena! It is the Shrine of Skeleton Heel Stone! Long ago, the victors of chariot combat would ascend this shrine and drink a mixture made from their fallen foe's blood with wine.

They would thank their gods who've graced them with longer lives.

An arena it is not, but it is ideal for an invigorating duel.

M

-Mistress Lisa Lisa! You may be the Master, but you're still just a woman! He seems a lot weaker than Wham was, so let me duel him instead! Too bad.

I don't need the burden of having a boy worry about an old mare like me! F

-Fearsome

-Fifties are fierce! As I maintain mastery over the Shining Sword, it would be unworthy of the will of Wham to not offer you a w*apon as well.

You may use any of those arms.

My muffler is my arm.

So be it.

Let us begin.

Th

-This aura that he emanates is bereft of bloodlust.

How will he duel me without the will to k*ll? Won't you come at me already? Then I will act first! Cars has concealed himself with that small shine of light! Where's he gone?! C

-Cars's aura has vanished It's almost as if he could ambush me from anywhere! Shining Sword! He hid himself within the fissure of that pillar! Mamba Muffler! This muffler was made from the intestines of many Satypolasia beetles, and is incredibly conductive to Ripple energy! It works both as a w*apon and a lifeforce locater! It's what gives me eyes around the back of my head! H

-He's dead! The Master massacred that mook! Cars was a wimp compared to Wham, but cocksure jerks are always k*lled

-off quick! I always knew she had more moxie than me

- M

-Master Cars! C

-Cars is behind her?! Th

-Then who the Hell did she hit?! N

-No way! That can't be true! Cars's wasn't dueling her at all! It was his look

-alike! Damn the duel.

Damn the arrangement.

Damn everything, save for my acquisition of the Ultimate Aja, so that I may become the True Omnipotent Organism.

I have no will of a warrior alike the likes of Wham! I will use any and all means at my disposal to s*ab Defeat through the heart! Th

-That's why his aura felt so bereft of bloodlust He never intended to duel me at all On the ground! Jojo The Ultimate Aja is mine! Now my minions, go and mutilate Jojo with all your might! C

-Cars! Now you've done it! Get outta my way, you jagoffs! I'm gonna bust your bloody brains in! Zoom Punch! Yer Ripple powers are worn.

He's exhausted his Ripple energy

-! Ripple of Repulsion! You have yet to fully recover from your duel with Wham.

Your respiration is in disarray, reducing the potency of your Ripple powers.

No matter how well your master maximized your strength and stamina, you won't last long against my whole horde! Jojo Just how long will you last? Y

-You goddamned son of a! Tear him apart, boys! C

-Cor blimey! U

-Ultraviolet light?! I know that mug! Hear me, you vile vampires! SturmbannfÃ¼hrer Stroheim and the SS of the Third Reich shall silence you! The Speedwagon Foundation's Special Task Force shall join them as well! Jojo! Yo, Jojo! G

-Great

-Uncle Speedwagon! And my buddy from the Big Apple, Smokey Brown! My right leg is rearing up for vampire violation! The repairs to my body have finally finished as well! And now, allow me to introduce our newest venom against vampires! The Uber Ultraviolet Ray Cannons! It was actually my foundation that succeeded in mass

-producing the mobile models, but he was quite adamant on adding a dash of Deutsch.

So the trivial tools of the Teutons have returned Jojo is gone! Where has he jolted off to? The swiftness of your sprint never ceases to surprise.

My eyes need only wander for a moment, and you'll spring me with your next scheme.

You've crossed the bloody line over into lunacy.

You gave your word that you would duel Lisa Lisa, but you used some slimy tactics to s*ab her in the back! Overall, your dishonorable conduct has besmirched the warrior's will of Wham! Agitated, are we? Well do try to calm yourself.

Do understand that I would do anything to achieve my main prerogative, no matter the indecency of my implemented tactics.

I did that which carried the least amount of risk and worry, and played the game at my own pace.

Victory to the most patient of players! And now, you shall suffer from this new game that we shall engage in.

Never before have I loathed anyone with the same malice that I do you! You loathe me? Then let's alleviate your loathing! If it's a duel with me that you desire, then a duel with me you shall have! Lisa Lisa is lapsing within the limbo between Life and Death, exactly as I wanted her.

I left her with as little life as possible.

Would you like to know why? She still has a part to play in our game.

In fact, her part is quite literally tied yours.

Twang Twaaang You sick, twisted I've threaded rope through the holes in her feet, Jojo.

Would you like to know why?! It's because Li

-Lisa Lisa! catching her is your part in our game! If you don't grab ahold of her rope, she'll be skewered by the crystals below! J

-Jojo! Lisa Lisa! Li

-Lisa Lisa?! Isn't that the baby Nanna Erina saved from that sinking ship during her honeymoon? I

-If that's her, then she's actually Jojo's You are to remain paralyzed in that position.

My tactics have left you trapped, Jojo! I will slowly, but surely, advance towards you and dismember you at my own leisurely pace! g*dd*mn you, Cars! g*dd*mn you to Hell and back! Jojo doesn't know that Lisa Lisa is actually his mother! I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..

In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time Mop up the rest of those vampires already! I will make your execution effortless.

I ain't foldin' on this flame! Spare him Spare my boy Stop, Stroheim! Scheisse! Episode A Mother and Her Son
After using Caesar's blazing bandana on Wham, Jojo delivered him his first and final defeat.

Lisa Lisa would have her duel with Cars next.

Stroheim strode onto the scene as their support, with Speedwagon and Smokey in tow.

But the fallacy of a fair duel had met an abrupt end with the defeat of Cars's clone, who was used as a decoy in order for Cars to s*ab Lisa Lisa in the back.

And now, both Jojo and Lisa Lisa were trapped between dismemberment and skewering! Damn you, Cars! Damn you to Hell and back! Jojo doesn't know that Lisa Lisa is actually his mother! Don't drop her now, Jojo.

The ground below is riddled with crystal spikes.

Drop her, and she's dead.

C

-Cars! You're jacked

-up! You're so jacked

-up, you make the Great Slump sound like a jolly

-good time! Whine on, Wailer.

Prattle on, Provocateur.

Rage on, Rabidus! The only part you may play in our game is the role of rope

-holder.

Once, four folks arose from the fires of Hell Shijima no soko kara and awoke from their pillars after eons of eternal slumber.

mezameru sono hashiratachi toki wo koe Their ambition for power assembled Shinku no chishio ga the blood of a few b*mb braves.

tachiagaru yuuki wo hikiawaseru But one brave, whose fate was bound in his blood, Uketsugu ai wo sadame to yobu nara sh*t a sly smirk at his destined demise.

hohoemu me de tsugi no te wo Yami wo azamuite setsuna wo kawashite He would deceive the darkness and dodge the danger! He would exploit the flaws of the foes he faced! Yaiba surinuke yatsura no suki wo tsuke Tsuranuita omoi ga mirai wo hiraku And his memory would live on for all posterity! He's like a bloody storm! Atsuku like a bloody stone Red

-hot like a bloody stone, but would he be ever free of the cursed fate of his family? ketsumyaku ni kizamareta innen ni Who can say, but the bonds of these braves Ukiagaru kienai hokori no kizuna will never be buried.

nigirishimete A Mother and Her Son Episode Jojo! Lisa Lisa! He has no idea that the life he's holding in his very hands is his mom's! Mister Speedwagon, we'd better tell Jojo about his mom! No.

Why not, Gramps?! There are more pressing matters Stroheim! What's taking you so long to vaporize those damn vampires?! Jojo needs your help! Halt die Klappe! It takes more than a minute or two to slaughter all diese Scheisser, ja?! Verdammt! Die, Damonen! Dammit! Stroheim and his SS have their hands full! Jojo! Hold hard to that rope, or she'll slip from your grip.

The range of your reactive lunges have been severely limited by the length of this little rope, aye?! Cars didn't receive any Ripple energy from slashing Jojo's leg?! Th

-That ain't no good! Your respiration's in disarray, and your Ripple energy's exhausted.

Ergo, I may assume that you possess just enough energy for one final att*ck.

I will pluck the pulp of Life from you, alike petals being plucked from a flower.

Cars! To tell you the truth, I'm not even sure if I can force any energy outta me.

I'm really not.

But nevertheless I've cooked up a new scheme! A scheme that'll sweep you off your feet! Are you dying to know what my ingenious scheme is? Well I ain't tellin'! Jojo! It better not involve tying Lisa Lisa's rope to your own! It's the flame from a match! And guess what I'm gonna do with it! Wh

-What the hell're you doing, Jojo?! You've lit up your own muffler! I'm gonna motivate myself into channeling one last att*ck before incurring immolation! It's my double

-edged draw! And I ain't foldin' on this flame until I've ruined you with a Royal Flush! Jojo, I would determine your "ingenious scheme" to be infernally ill

-fated by fire! Cease this charade! Your scheme consists of recovering Ripple energy as you run about! I won't have it! I will make your execution my most effortless! I won't stand for your fictive vine

-swinging nonsense! That's too bad! I will respire, one way or another! Listen well.

At any given point during our game, I can simply sever your master's rope.

Swing about once more, and down she goes! Do you want to see her skewered below? Yes or no? Here goes the rope Stop it! Then stop swinging around.

I want you to walk towards me, now.

You don't have to come, if you're willing to have her blood on your hands.

That coward! What will it be? Do you treasure your own life over the life of this woman's? Die! You've chosen an unexpected alternative, but if you want to fall to your deaths together, then I shall sever this rope and oblige you! Jojo! Lisa Lisa! The Ultimate Aja is finally mine, and the Mystics are no more! The rope?! But how?! It's tied around Jojo's ankle! But when did he tie it around his ankle?! I never gave him an opportunity to When he made his first lunge, he swung the rope around his leg so that I'd sever a spare rope for him! Then, he secretly tied the spare rope around his ankle and Lisa Lisa's rope, and made a loop from it.

And this all went unnoticed due to his diversion with the flaming muffler.

He even managed to lure me into his damned loop! That provocateur purposely provoked me into severing Lisa Lisa's rope to do it, too! Curse your accursed deceit! Now, your role is to support both of our weights combined! You're a deceptive deceiver, Jojo! It doesn't feel good to be on the receiving end, does it?! You're a decent deceiver, but I suppose you don't handle being deceived too well! You've been around for tens of thousands of years, but the only way you'll ever match my smarts is by spending ten years in the modern day, Cars! Get ready for the Ripple! Ripple of Repulsion! D

-Did I get him?! Th

-That was the last of my energy! My Ripple energy's all spent! I can't channel another bloody Ripple I

-I channeled it into him! He did it! He sure did! He cracked Cars with the Ripple! Not you! C

-Curse you! Look! Cars has been impaled by the crystal spikes from his fall! He's finally fallen! Behold! Ripple energy is starting to spread straight up his arm! He is now weakened! He is now finished! Even our Uber w*apon could k*ll him now! That was shocking, ja? But now, he's ours for the taking! Ready the Ultra

-Uber Ultraviolet Ray Cannon! Jawohl! Mistress Lisa Lisa Cars said that he'd left a smidgen of life in you Supposedly, he stopped short of striking your vitals.

If we patch you up now, I think you'll live to see the sun rise again.

It's over At long last Say, Mister Speedwagon? Mind if I pry a bit? What is it? Why did Nanna Erina tell Jojo a straight fib? That his mother passed away ill during his childhood? Why was Miss Lisa Lisa hiding the truth from her own son? Smokey, I can't I know you asked me not to ask Nanna herself, but I wanna know.

They're family, right? Why do they need to hide that from each other? Smokey I consider Nanna Erina and Jojo to be good homies of mine.

They both stood up for me against a r*cist and two corrupt coppers back in NYC All for a rotten hood like myself! I flew here for my homie, and I always wanna have his back! All right, Smokey.

I'll tell you the story.

You did do a gentleman's duty by looking after Miss Erina during my absence.

But you are never to tell Jojo a word! This is an affair between members of the Joestar Estate, and we outsiders may not interfere with their wishes.

"Lisa Lisa" is an alias An alias for "Elisabeth.

" She was raised by Ripple Master Straits, and eventually met, romanced, and married Miss Erina's son, George Joestar II.

George and Elisabeth eventually had their one and only son, Joseph.

George was a fighter pilot in the Royal Air Force, and even with the unexpected advent of aerial warfare during World w*r I, nothing stopped George from taking to the skies with his wings.

His spectacular performance in the RAF earned him the popular nickname of "The Blue Baron!" However a foul stench surfaced from the sewers of the past to sicken us once more! 49 years ago, Dio Brando created his very own horde of vampires.

Both Straits and I were certain of their extermination by our own hands, but alas! One escaped us and went into hiding, where they lived incognito for decades! And that vampire was one smart stinker, all right He never made a horde of his own, and he even devoured every bone and hair strand on his prey in order to avoid drawing attention to his true nature.

I was dumbstruck to discover that he was a Wing Commander in the Royal Air Force! Th

-The RAF?! The same RAF Jojo's pop's was in?! The very same.

George was the first to uncover his true identity after hearing about Dio's stories from both Straits and I.

But George was just a simple John Smith! He had the talent and aptitude for learning the Art of Mystics, but he never had any formal training! Before he could attain any evidence of the Wing Commander's identity, that damned vampire had already spotted him! And before he could call and inform Straits Officially, George d*ed after his plane crashed during a routine night

-flight.

Both Straits and I conducted our own investigation for the true cause of death, and we learned of his Wing Commander.

The night I told Elisabeth the truth was the last night she'd ever cradle her beloved baby

-boy.

Rather than weep over my report, she immediately left the Estate! Elisabeth was a Ripple Master! However, she was vengeful and without restraint! The Wing Commander's subordinate witnessed her m*rder him! The RAF knew nothing about the Art of Mystics or vampires.

All they knew was that one of their exceptional Wing Commanders was k*lled by a "wicked woman" who had set fire to his body after the m*rder! An enemy of the state, Elisabeth would be wanted worldwide for the infamy of m*rder a RAF Wing Commander! My Foundation did everything in its power to erase any trace she'd left, and Elisabeth entered exile without a word.

Without even a word to her beloved baby

-boy.

Miss Erina spoke a somber request to me after Elisabeth's exile.

If Joseph ever asks about his parents whereabouts, tell him that they both passed away.

Let him be spared from it all.

And thus, Elisabeth became "Lisa Lisa.

" Why Why not tell him?! What bad could come from knowing that his mom's still around?! I felt her pain! The very pain Miss Erina felt after losing both her husband and son to the Mystic's crusade against the accursed Stone Mask! That is why she wanted her one and only grandson, Joseph Joestar, to never learn the Art which cost her both her husband and son! That is exactly what Lisa Lisa wanted as well! I feel for this family This unfortunate family! But Jojo Jojo just saved his own mother with that very same Art! Mister Speedwagon There ain't no reason left to hide the truth no more, right? He needs to know that he saved his own mother with the Art of Mystics! True But it's not our decision to make! We'll have to run it by both Miss Erina and Lisa Lisa, first! C'mon SturmbannfÃ¼hrer, the cannon is ready! Good! Put him between the crosshairs! The Third Reich shall be responsible for k*lling Cars! Jawohl! Here comes the countdown, Cars! The countdown to your very doom! Stop, Stroheim! He's wearing the Stone Mask! And the Ultimate Aja's embedded within! Don't shine it on him! M

-Mein Gott! Shut it down! Shut the Ultra

-Uber down, now! Sch

-Scheisse! H

-How could this be?! When did he adorn the damned Stone Mask?! When was the Ultimate Aja embedded in the damn thing?! O God in Heaven! Cars! I'll be the roundabout The words will make you out 'n' out We spend the day your way Call it morning driving thru the sound and In and out the valley In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they Stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see You Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too.

Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time "True Omnipotent Organism?!" He can sculpt any life out of his own body?! Isn't there any way to k*ll that cr*cker?! We have witnessed the birth of Cars the Creator! Episode Cars the Creator
Sch

-Scheisse! H

-How could this be?! When did he adorn the damned Stone Mask?! When was the Ultimate Aja embedded in the damn thing?! O God in Heaven! Cars! Shijima no soko kara Once, four folks arose from the fires of Hell mezameru sono hashiratachi toki wo koe and awoke from their pillars after eons of eternal slumber.

Their ambition for power assembled Shinku no chishio ga tachiagaru yuuki wo hikiawaseru the blood of a few b*mb braves.

But one brave, whose fate was bound in his blood, Uketsugu ai wo sadame to yobu nara hohoemu me de tsugi no te wo sh*t a sly smirk at his destined demise.

Yami wo azamuite setsuna wo kawashite He would deceive the darkness and dodge the danger! He would exploit the flaws of the foes he faced! Yaiba surinuke yatsura no suki wo tsuke Tsuranuita omoi ga mirai wo hiraku And his memory would live on for all posterity! He's like a bloody storm! Red

-hot like a bloody stone, Atsuku like a bloody stone ketsumyaku ni kizamareta innen ni but would he be ever free of the cursed fate of his family? Ukiagaru kienai hokori no kizuna Who can say, but the bonds of these braves nigirishimete will never be buried.

Episode Cars the Creator H

-He stands!!! Do not shriek, Sturmmann! Men of the SS do not shriek! "True Omnipotent Organism?!" Impossible! No organism on Earth can reach true omnipotence! Cars! Be attentive of his arm! The ruin of Ripple energy remains, and still spreads throughout his body! He is still doomed to Death! Although he's adorned the True Stone Mask, he is still only a mere mortal! He can be k*lled! Ready the Ultra

-Uber for another ray! We will eradicate his existence, once and for all! Ready the Ray! Jawohl! What's wrong with him? What the Hell is he looking at? O

-Oh my Look at his hand! Wh

-What in the bloody Hell is that?! Do my eyes deceive me?! His whole hand's shifted into a squirrel! Well ain't that precious? Blimey! Back the Hell away from Cars's spooky squirrel! That rabid rat's! Scramble, SS! On the double! Blind me! He can sculpt any life out of his own body?! Sunlight! Dawn's breaking! They've been vaporized Cars's second weakness is the shining sunlight! We've won! Cars is still alive! Even with his bare back to the breaking of dawn, Cars bathes unburned! God help us! God! Why have you doomed us all to this demon?! Only the True Omnipotent Organism may possess the powers of all organisms, including the adaptation of their appearances! And I find this lustrous shine of sunlight to be sublime! More sublime than any shine I've ever seen! At last At last, I've vanquished my vulnerability of the Sun! H

-He's the very definition of "immortal!" He's without any weaknesses! Even the Ripple may have been rendered powerless! We are indeed doomed to Death by this indestructible immortal! We behold the True Omnipotent Organism, Cars the Creator! I

-I am to blame I forced him to adorn the goddamned Stone Mask A

-Ain't there any way to k*ll that cr*cker? I

-Is all of humanity damned to be devoured by this g*dd*mn demon?! Not if I have it my way! Your way? Look after her.

I've got one special scheme up my sleeve! J

-Just one?! And it's my special backup plan! "Backup plan?!" Jojo Th

-That special backup plan wouldn't be You better be sure to breathe a bunch, because it'll leave you breathless! Why the Hell would it leave us breathless?! Because we're gonna skedaddle on outta here! I just knew it! I care no longer for the extermination of other Mystics! But I shall not rest until I've avenged both ACDC and Wham by k*lling you, in commemoration of my creation! Jojo! I will have your head now! He's flying after us! Shush up! I'm trying to cook up another scheme during my sprint, so keep your screams silent! Jojo! He's lured Cars away from the rest of us! But we're all doomed! No matter how sweet a scheme you cook up, Cars shall never succumb to any succulence now! Cars is coming! Run for it! Say, Smokey! I'm grateful for your company and all, but just in case you didn't catch Cars's chatter, he's only after my head, and mine alone! You don't have to run alongside me, okay?! He wants to avenge his brothers with the ceremony of slaying me, before he begins his new lease on life as the "Creator!" Jojo! I got somethin' to tell you! It's 'bout Miss Lisa Lisa! Believe it or not, she's really your! Dammit! He's caught up to us! Herr Speedwagon Is that truly the True Omnipotent Organism? Yes! By adorning the True Stone Mask, he's attained the Attributes of Omnipotence! The "Attributes of Omnipotence" consist of: Invincibility, eternal life, invulnerability to Death, and possessing the powers of all living organisms, which have far

-surpassed that of the original species! He who attains the Attributes of Omnipotence is granted a body on par with the most gorgeous of Grecian sculptures! H

-He can't be k*lled by anything anymore! He is impervious to any and all powers in this world! Not even the Art of Mystics or sunlight can stop that arsehole now! Jojo! Smokey! It's high

-time you turned around! I'll hear you out another time! Jojo!!! Swimming away, eh? My plane versus your plumes, Cars! That's a wing of the Luftwaffe! Jojo! The plumes Cars pitched became as dense as the carapace of armadillos, which effectively deflected all fire due to the coat of oil on each plume! However, the denseness and deflective properties came second to the offensive efficacy of which these plumes were purposed! That prick's plumes are piercing projectiles! I've lost altitude! But I was never gonna stay, so I'll still skedaddle away! Jojo! Alls Jojo can do now is fly from him! That's it! Fly and flee, Jojo! That's the only lesson humanity can take away from this catastrophe! I'm cruising at 240 Km/h.

No matter how "omnipotent" the "Creator" may be, nothing can exceed the speed of my machine.

Time for a breather, because even with all his powers, he'll never catch up to my plane.

Where's my fuel at? I've got about two hours left.

I can only keep fleeing from him for another two hours.

The imbecile! Does he dare believe that distancing himself may deter my wrath?! Little does he know, he never shall set foot on land again! He will never leave that aircraft alive! Jojo! Do you read me Jojo, over! I read you loud and clear, Great

-Uncle! Jolly good, Jojo! You were wise to escape on that plane when you did! My Foundation's men and the SS will do everything they can to assist in your escape! Is there aeronautical chart on

-board? There is! Good! And whatever you do, don't turn off that radio! I've got a plan to get you outta harm's way! Well I'll be Jojo, give me your current bearings! Jojo, do you read me? What's wrong?! Jojo! Respond, Jojo! I'm still here, over.

Say, Great

-Uncle No wizardry or w*apon known to man can k*ll Cars now, right? He's indubitably indestructible, right? Indeed! That's why your backup plan of escape really is the best plan available to you! Great

-Uncle I've got a new scheme up my sleeve.

Scheme?! No, Jojo! No more schemes! Skedaddling is the only damn scheme you have left! Now is the only chance I'll ever have to k*ll Cars! No! Stop trying to take matters into your own hands, goddammit! Just listen up, Great

-Uncle! It was from this very Earth that Cars was created, right? If Cars was truly created from Earth's very crust, like all other life, then even he can be extinguished by this very Earth! By the Earth? How?! How can the Earth k*ll Cars?! With magma! The greatest naturally

-occurring molten

-mixture known to man! I'll crash both him and this plane into the magma chamber on Vulcano Isle! D

-Don't do it! I don't want you to put yourself in any more danger! Leave it to the men in my Foundation or the SS! Listen to the man, Jojo! Don't do no mo'! Cars's gonna k*ll you! Too late! Vulcano Isle is right under my wings! I'm diving now! Mister Speedwagon? Not again I've already lost George, Jonathan, and George II The Joestar Estate's heirs have always led short

-lives I I don't want to lose you to the Stone Mask as well! Pull up, Jojo! Pull up for Lisa Lisa! Lisa Lisa is your mother! Come again?! I didn't quite catch that! What's this I'm hearing now? On the grave of my Grandpappy! Pesky piranhas?! But how?! They're tearing the plane apart! How'd they get in?! It was those prickly plumes! They changed into piranhas! Goddammit! Leave my precious parachute alone, you pesky piranhas! Wh

-What in the bloody Hell?! Jojo! What's wrong?! Respond, over! Jojo! Jojo? Jojo?! Oh, the idiocy! You've trapped yourself by deploying that plastic parachute of yours! I shall approach during your delayed descent, Jojo! And I will tear you apart with my talons, from head to toe! Wh

-What?! I

-It's a dummy! Cars! I ain't going out without a bang! We're gonna do a dive

-b*mb into that volcano after I've crashed this plane into you! JOJO!!! You son of a! Curse you! Nanna Erina That story you told me about Grandpappy About how he sacrificed himself to save you, while dooming both Dio Brando and himself to the depths of the Atlantic.

She'll be saddened by the sacrifice I'm about to make I guess I'm gonna be keeping the Joestar Estate's curse going! Did you honestly believe that I couldn't just simply tear away at the plane's plates before it crashes?! Cars?! Your death shall be sole, Jojo! A

-A metal hand?! Cars this aircraft shall become your coffin! Metal Man! Stroheim! When did you manage to catch this flight on such short notice? I was concerned about your lack of company! Also, my company was the cold of this cramped compartment! I'll bet! Jojo, I need you to jump now! Come again?! Did you just tell me to "jump?!" My parachute's gone, so no

-go! Just jump out of that confounded cockpit already! Jojo! Respond, over! Say something, for the love of God! Say something to me, Jojo! Jojo Stroheim You're a real madman You're madder than myself! B

-But thanks a bunch, Buddy! You sustained no injuries, ja? But has Cars Has Cars been cast into the magma chamber?! Curse you! I'll be the roundabout The words will make you out 'n' out We spend the day your way Call it morning driving thru the sound and In and out the valley In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they Stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see You Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too.

Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time Ripple this! Hurray for Gaia's grace! Who would dare to not triumph over true Terror?! JOJO!!! I'm out, everyone Episode A God Amongst Men
Eons ago, an omnipotent organism yearned to learn the meaning of "true omnipotence.

" He could soar amongst the birds, and reside within the watery depths of the sea.

His energies stemmed from the very Earth that bore him, and he moved with the swiftness of water.

But this organism could not run under the Sun, which is why he created the Stone Mask.

With it, he dreamt of the day when he could embrace those radiant rays, and rule absolute over the Earth.

Episode A God Amongst Men But has Cars Has Cars been cast into the magma chamber?! C

-Curse you! He has! M

-My armor Needs to be as concrete as a crustacean's! I

-I shall adorn my armor! I

-It melts! It's melting straight through his armor! That magma's over 1000Â°C! And I hope your corpse undergoes a thorough cooking, Cars! Autsch! H

-He's dead! Finally We've finally k*lled Cars! Jojo, that expl*si*n's set off a chain reaction for an eruption! You can celebrate all you want after we're off this rock! Grab ahold of me, my good Jerry.

A sweet scream A very sweet scream, indeed.

In fact, it's the very scream I've been waiting eons to hear, Jojo! Cars? How is he still?! Cars's armor? Incredible It's composed from At first, Cars attempted to adapt a crustacean's carapace, but no organic armor can withstand magma! As a result, the molten

-hot magma melted his armor away.

However, his secret, secondary defense compensated for his melted armor! His secondary defense consisted of a bubble barrier! By expelling bubbles, Body Air Magma Cars cooled the magma surrounding his body, which created a barrier of air! While that air barrier only momentarily neutralizes the magma, Cars can continuously counteract and cool the magma with his bubbles in order to continue any activity within the magma chamber! All life was borne from the crust of the Earth, but at long last, Cars the Creator has conquered the very lifeblood of the Earth! Eons ago, before the emergence of the h*m* sapiens species, an evolved hominid species had dominated the Earth.

This hominid species was strictly nocturnal, as they would perish under the shine of sunlight.

For this reason, they we're forced to live underground.

Even without the aid of daylight, their longevity could be prolonged by hunting other organisms.

When the Neanderthal species emerged, they worshipped their nocturnal counterparts either as gods or devils.

The nocturnal hominids were often impervious to Death, which made reproduction a rather rare event.

As a result, their population was quite limited.

But their practices allowed for the establishment of a peaceful community.

However a cunning outcast was created from this very community.

There are prodigious powers still concealed within this shell of mine.

I shall unseal these concealed powers! The cunning outcast created the Stone Mask.

His creation coaxed forth his imperishable powers, but necessitated nourishment far greater than the norm.

Nourishment which would leave the presence of other organisms scant.

His creation would surely diminish the wildlife required for the community's survival.

As a result, the community became fearful of the Stone Mask.

They were fearful of the cunning outcast.

His continuance shall bring about calamity! His existence must be eradicated from the Earth! k*ll the Cunning Outcast! Hear me, imbeciles! Do you not dream to walk under the daylight?! Have you no ambition to stand omnipotent over all others?! Who would dare to not triumph over Terror, itself?! Death to the Doomed.

The Cunning Outcast exterminated his entire community, including the very parents who bore him.

He adopted a child he had personally orphaned, and together with his compatible contemporary, left on an ambitious adventure.

An adventure, which would have him hunting for a way to attain "true omnipotence.

" 10,000 years later, the Cunning Outcast would finally attain "true omnipotence.

" He is a god He is a true god! He is a god amongst men, and men cannot k*ll a god! We can only submit to his omnipotence! Come again? Sorry Jojo, but you'll have to speak up.

Ripple of Repulsion! "Rip

-ple?" Ripple this! Jojo! It can't be! M

-Melting?! But how?! How's me leg melting?! Melting?! That could only mean that I may utilize the Ripple! You simpleton! Now that I've vanquished my vulnerabilities, I too may utilize the Art of Mystics, you incompetent "arsehole!" Th

-That's impossible! From your wound, it would appear that my potency overpowers yours by a several hundred times! His powers are a several hundred times more potent?! Then it's like being struck by the Sun itself! And the Sun would easily melt away and vaporize anything, even flesh! Hurts, doesn't it? How do you like being on the receiving end? Ecstatic, from the sound of your screams.

And your screams beckon me to silence you.

Jojo! I'm done for Cars is coming in for the k*ll.

Jojo didn't try to break from that belief.

He was without fear, without pain, and without any regret, because he thought that he did all that he could do.

Cars the Creator met the cold eyes of a man who lay before him, who was calmly awaiting his impending death.

Stroheim shared Jojo's beliefs.

Paralyzed and static from shock, he understood how a frog felt before falling prey to a python.

This is the Art of Mystics My Mystic Meddler, this ceremony shall end with my ascension into Omnipotence after I've channeled Ripple energy into you! Rip

-ple Potency that is far

-beyond my own Melt away into the oblivion of that magma chamber! Channel it, will you?! What's this?! The Ultimate Aja?! What's this?! The Ultimate Aja?! The Ultimate Aja! At that moment, not even Jojo realized why he attempted to block Cars with the Ultimate Aja.

Unconsciously, he felt an attraction between the hand holding the Ultimate Aja and Cars's Ripple.

But subconsciously, Jojo's body knew the truth! Subconsciously, his body was fighting for survival! Jojo's subconsciousness empowered his survival instincts with a great shove! Th

-The Ultimate Aja's actually a Ripple amplification apparatus! With that amplification of Cars's Ripple energy, the volcano's eruption occurred within an instant, and breached the bedrock! Th

-That eruption blasted them both and the bedrock sky

-high! Th

-This is a pressure I've never experienced! But did you honestly believe that I'd let the eruption blast me away, Jojo?! I shall take to my wings to avoid entering the atmosphere! Aeternum vale, Jojo! Thank God for Gaia's Grace! The eruption blasted my bloody arm all the way up here! And now you'll ask, "Was this all a part of your plan, Jojo?!" Was this all a part

-! It was at this very moment, when Cars was caught off guard by Jojo's severed arm, which would determine his doom! The volcanic ash that Cars could've avoided had struck their target, propelling him beyond the troposphere! Was this all a part of your plan, Jojo?! You bet your arse it was! I've got a plan, a scheme, a trick for every smelly pickle in the pocket! Boy, can I bluff But at least I can finally have the last laugh! Volcanic ash from the eruption blasted far

-beyond the troposphere and well into the stratosphere, but even Cars couldn't be k*lled by an eruption from the Earth! However, that eruption expelled Cars beyond Earth's atmosphere and straight into outer space! Stars?! I

-It cannot be! It's finally finished Nanna Erina Stroheim Great

-Uncle Speedwagon Smokey and Lisa Lisa I'm out, everybody Jo JOJO!!! Eight hours later, after Stroheim was rescued from Vulcano Isle, he had only this to say to Speedwagon.

February 28, 1939 An eruption off of Vulcano Isle ended Joseph Joestar's life.

I've entered outer space?! If I can expel the all the steam from my abdomen in order to reverse my trajectory, I can re

-enter Earth's atmosphere! I

-I've failed! I

-I'm freezing! O

-Oxygen is being sapped from my body! The deeper into space I drift, the quicker the oxygen deprivation! I

-I can't fly back! I CANNOT RETURN! Cars would never return to Planet Earth.

He became an amalgamation of inorganic and organic matter, and drifted aimlessly throughout the galaxy.

To the undying Creator, Death was all that he dreamt of, until one day, when every transient node in Cars's cranium ceased to function.

New York City Outskirts April 1939 Our Father in Heaven, hallowed be your name.

Your kingdom come, your will be done, in Earth as it is in Heaven.

Goodbye, Jojo Come to think of it, we've only know each other for 'bout half

-a

-year.

But I'll never forget you 'Til the day I die Never.

Miss Erina, I think it's time we went on our way.

Let us be off.

Let me be Guess who? Hello everyone.

You guys will never guess how annoying it was to not get picked up from Newark.

I had to ask around to find out that you're all having a service.

Took a while, too! Hello, Mistress Lisa Lisa.

How're you holding up now? Hey Messina, how's the arm? I really wanted to ask Stroheim to hook me up with a decent prosthetic, but we're at w*r with the Third Reich and all that jive.

Who the Hell are you?! Show some respect and shut yer trap, Jerk! "Jerk?" "Jerk?!" Did you call me a "jerk?!" Calm yourself, boy.

Take him that

-a

-way.

We're gonna have to teach this turd some manners.

You Could it be true Why don't you make this easy on us?! Hey Jagoff, did you just call Joseph Joestar a jerk?! JOJO! He really is alive! "Alive?" C

-C'mon guys.

What's got you all so spooked? You're all acting like you've seen a ghost! Why the bloody Hell's my name on that gravestone?! S

-So is this whole service meant for Jojo, you haven't made a full recovery yet, so do try to keep dry.

Take this umbrella.

S

-Suzie Q, is that you? What's that ring doing on your ring finger? W

-Wait, so you didn't know about me wifey here?! "Wifey?!" I am, aren't I? But being introduced as your "wifey" makes me It makes me so shy.

Yunno? No, I dunno! Oy, love of me life, don't tell me that they don't know about that bedrock tilting toward the sea, and my falling into the ocean to be rescued by a Venetian fishing boat And, that they don't know about you nursing me afterwards for a whole two weeks in Venice For chrissakes, you sent them a telegram, didn't you?! A

-A telegram? You sent them one, right?! C

-Could you cut that creepy creaking out? Sorry, Honey! It completely slipped my mind! Oh no! I can't believe that busty bitch didn't tell you guys! C'mere! JOJO IS ALIVE! I said I was sorry, okay? No

-kay, Cookie! No! Jojo Elisabeth Joestar Lisa Lisa, AKA Elisabeth Joestar, revealed her true identity to Jojo, and later immigrated over to the USA.

In 1948, Elisabeth was remarried to a Hollywood screenwriter.

Erina Joestar Erina Joestar continued her work as an elementary schoolteacher until 1950, when she passed away in the presence of her loved ones at the age of 81.

Robert Edward O.

Speedwagon For Robert Edward O.

Speedwagon, the oil baron, and the SPW Foundation's founder, he continued playing a pivotal role in developing the USA's medical industry and economy until 1952, when he passed away after suffering a heart att*ck.

He was 82 at the time of passing, and was a lifelong bachelor with no surviving family.

For Smokey Brown, he held a job while attending college, and graduated with a B.

S.

in Political Science.

Smokey Brown Eventually, he became the first African

-American to be elected mayor in his home state of Georgia.

For Rudolf von Stroheim, he would never be able to reunite with Jojo.

In 1943, at the Battle of Stalingrad, Rudolf von Stroheim the proud SturmbannfÃ¼hrer achieved an honorable death in battle.

Sieg heil! And as time passes us by JFK International Airport in New York City, 1987 another adventure awaits, Jojo! Whoopsies, sir.

I'll bet that stung like a bee.

Hate to say it, but you should've kept a better eye out, yeah? Oh, these sorts of bumps will always occur.

"Expect the unexpected," as I always say.

Hold on.

You wouldn't happen to be Japanese, would you? I am, actually.

Then you can expect this from me! The flight bound for Tokyo, Japan will be departing at 3:08 PM.

All passengers flying aboard Alitalia Airlines Flight 285 bound for Tokyo, It's been twenty

-some

-years since my beloved Holly married that snooty Nip please gather at Gate 3.

Why in the bloody Hell did she follow that w*nk*r halfway around the world?! I'll bet that boy of her's has forgotten his ol' grandpappy already.

g*dd*mn the day my Holly was taken by that Nip! But I do adore the SONY Walkman.

Once, four folks arose from the fires of Hell and awoke from their pillars after eons of eternal slumber.

Their ambition for power assembled the blood of a few b*mb braves.

But one brave, whose fate was bound in his blood, sh*t a sly smirk at his destined demise.

He would deceive the darkness and dodge the danger! He would exploit the flaws of the foes he faced! And his memory would live on for all posterity! He's like a bloody storm! Red

-hot like a bloody stone, but would he be ever free of the cursed fate of his family? Who can say, but the bonds of these braves will never be buried.

Battle Tendency JOJO's Bizarre Adventure End Canary Islands off of the Coast of Africa, 1983 We've finally hit the mother

-lode, boys! B

-Be calm now! Be careful with that crane, boy! We're hauling up a hundred

-year

-old hoard, we are! L

-Let's open this trunk up!
: THE CANARY ISLANDS,
OFF THE NORTHWEST COAST OF AFRICA  

We did it!  

Finally, it's ours.
Century-old sunken treasure!  

All right! Easy now!  

Get ahold of yourself!  

-Sring it this way...
-I know! I know!  

-Upsy daisy.
-Upsy daisy.  

Isn't it kinda long and flat
for a treasure chest?  

Hey! Not so high!   

Okay, I'm putting it down.   

One, two, and three!   

All right... Now pry it open already!   

Wait. This is bizarre.   

It's locked from the inside.   

Who the hell cares? Just bust it open!   

Hang on! What are these letters?   

D-I-O... Dio.   

Someone's name?   

Does it matter?   

The sun'll be down soon.   

We won't be able to see a thing out here!   

Guess you're right.   

Fine, go get the blowtorch.   

It's time to meet our fortune!   

On a day like any other, 

a motorboat was found adrift
and abandoned. 

The craft was largely undamaged
and showed no signs of struggle. 

In the galley, three cups of coffee
sat half-full. 

And... 

on deck, an iron chest,
its lock melted away, 

lay open and empty. 

But the chest's unusual,
shelter-like chambers 

baffled discoverers, 

who believed it to have
once contained a vast treasure. 

But interest waned and, 

before long, the chest was forgotten. 

Jotaro Kujo,    years old,
    centimeters tall. 

His father, a Japanese national
and jazz musician, 

 on tour abroad.   

 His mother,
an American of British descent.   

There's no mistake, Jotaro is my son.   

His friends at school call him "Jojo."   

Seems they combined "Jo"
from Jotaro and "jo" from Kujo.   

What a stupid name!   

So...   

How many people has my Jotaro k*lled?   

No! Don't say it!   

 -I don't want to know!
-Uh, who said he k*lled anybody?   

He was in a fight.   

 Yep, four punks with nunchucks
and knives,   

one of whom was a former boxer.   

Your son left them with
fifteen broken bones.   

He really busted their nuts...   

I mean, pardon me...
he put them in the hospital.   

Ma'am, it's your responsibility
that he learns his lesson!   

Yes sir!   

 But the problem is what happened after.   

 Here, make some copies and pass it around.   

Right away, sir.   

He's a strange one, isn't he?   

Please, come this way.   

Thank you.   

Here, it's time to take him home.   

Oh, he's already free to go?   

Well, we can't keep him forever.   

 By the way, ma'am,
your Japanese is very good.   

 How long have you lived here?   

Twenty years.   

No wonder.   

Good work, gentlemen.   

We've had our hands full lately.   

There's even a waiting list for cells.   

Your son is just up ahead.   

Jotaro!   

Jotaro, throw the ball to Mommy! 

That's it!   

You'll do great at tomorrow's track meet. 

Yeah! 

Jotaro...   

Let's celebrate.
What do you want to eat today?   

Anything, as long as you're cooking, Mom.   

Jotaro...   

Jotaro...   

Jotaro!   

Shut up!   

You're freakin annoying, bitch!   

Okay!   

 He's actually a very sweet boy.   

 He could never do something so terrible.   

Hey, Kujo! Rise and shine!   

You're free to go. Now get out!   

Hey, I said you're free to go!
What the hell's wrong with you?   

Mom, go home.   

I'm gonna be here a while.   

I'm being haunted by an evil spirit.   

Who knows what he'll make me do next.   

It took all I had   

to keep this thing in check
during that fight.   

That's why you can't
let me out of this cell.    

For crying out loud...
See what I'm talking about, ma'am?    

We tell him he can leave, but he refuses.    

Forgive my asking,
but is your son all right up there?    

This isn't a hotel!    

Please! Move us to another cell!    

He's telling the truth!    

-He's got something evil in him!
-It's horrible!    

I won't commit another crime ever again!    

All right, that's enough!    

What the hell's that?    

But you're behind bars!
How'd you get that in here?    

I told you.    

It's the evil spirit.    

The evil spirit brings things to me.    

He's still in! He's in! He's in! 

He's listening to a boombox    

and reading Shonen Jump!    

How? This is bad!    

-What are we gonna do?
-Hold it!    

If you still think you can release me,    

let me show you how bad things could get,    

so you'll have no doubt that
letting me free is a very bad idea.    

My g*n!    

-How?
-We've got trouble!    

You didn't see it, did you?
My evil spirit...    

In that case...    

Jotaro!    

There's someone behind me.    

Not that long ago, it stuck itself to me.    

His grandpa, Joseph,
has mysterious powers too... 

What's happening to my son? 

JOTARO KUJO    

Dad!    

Over here, Dad! Over here!    

Holly! Hey, outta my way!    

Dad!    

Dad!    

I'm so glad you're here!    

My one and only daughter in trouble?    

Give me twenty-four hours
and I'll cross the globe!    

Where's Mom?    

She made a fuss, not surprisingly...    

So I told her I had a little
Joestar Realty to attend to.    

Dad...    

Holly...    

All right, Holly! You can let go now!    

No!    

It's been forever since you've held me!    

Come on...    

You're a forty-five-year-old woman!    

Oh, now you've done it!
I'm going to tickle you!    

-Tickle, tickle, tickle...
-Hey! Stop that!    

Take that and that!    

What the hell are you looking at?    

-Mama...
-Don't look!    

I'll take your bag.    

By the way, Holly, about Jotaro...    

You said it was an evil spirit?    

Oh... My poor Jotaro!    

I saw it! The policemen couldn't,
but I could.    

Another arm...    

And it grabbed the g*n!    

So no one else could see it but you?    

Yes...    

Jotaro says this spirit
came upon him not long ago.    

Has anything strange happened to you?    

No, not in the slightest.    

Jotaro says he won't leave the cell
until he knows what's going on.    

Oh Dad, what are we gonna do?    

There, there, sweetheart.    

Everything will be just fine.
Joseph Joestar is here.    

Right.    

First, I need to see him...    

my grandson, Jotaro!    

Too creepy!    

He keeps getting more stuff...    

And he's violent.    

Something heinous is haunting him...    

If word of this ever gets out,
I'll get canned!    

Don't worry.    

I'll be taking my grandson home.    

"Grandson"?    

Hey, what are you doing?    

I told you, this is as far as you can go!    

-Talk to him from here!
-I'll take care of it.    

-It's dangerous!
-Step aside!    

-I can't be held responsible if you...
-Leave him to me.    

-You...
-Come now, you're in the way.    

Jotaro! It's grandpa!    

He can help!    

Just come out with Grandpa.    

Come out. We're going home.    

Get lost.    

I didn't ask for you.    

You'll "help"? What can you do for me?    

Sorry you came all the way from New York,    

but you can't help me, Grandpa.    

My prosthetic hand's left pinky! 

When did he do that? 

Did you catch that? Didn't notice?    

That's the evil spirit.    

Stay back.    

Or you'll lose what little life
you have left.    

Incredible! I don't believe it... 

He was able to pull something
like that on me right off the bat... 

Of course... I know all about
Jotaro's evil spirit. 

But I think experience
rather than explanation 

will truly drive the point home
for young Jotaro. 

No, he has to learn now 

so he'll be ready for whatever
danger he encounters later. 

Avdol, your turn.    

Say hello to my friend.
We met in Egypt three years ago.    

His name is Avdol.    

Please assist my grandson
out of this cell.    

Back off.    

Sure, you look tough, but do you
really think I'm the kind of guy    

who would take kindly
to a thr*at like that?    

Nope, all that does is    

make me even more determined
to stay exactly where I belong.    

I regret that things
may get a bit unpleasant,    

enough to where he will want to
leave out of his own volition.    

That's fine.    

Dad, what are you doing?    

Hey, we can't have you...    

Quiet.    

-Yes, sir!
-Yes, sir!    

That's...    

That's right.    

Avdol also has
what you call an "evil spirit."    

An evil spirit that Avdol
can control freely!    

And its name is...    

Magician's Red!    

It's hot! Fire! My arm! My arm's burning! 

What is this evil spirit? 

Kujo's stuck to the wall and can't move.    

But how...    

But isn't it getting sort of...    

How is it that hot?    

That's insane! It's way too hot!    

So, it's finally shown itself!    

And he's so clearly visible. What power.    

Why you...    

To think he'd be able to manifest
its form so clearly!    

So you too have an evil spirit.    

And Grandpa, you know what it is...    

I do.    

Mr. Joestar, you asked me
to bring out your grandson.    

It was my intention to hold back,
but with his startling power,    

one wrong move and he may end my life.    

Shall I stop?    

If you prefer that I continue,    

I may have to resort to
considerable force.    

And I may end up sending
your grandson to the hospital.    

Fine by me. Give it a whirl.    

Yes, sir!    

Red Bind!    

This is...    

It's so hot!    

What the hell is happening?    

Dad! What are you doing to Jotaro?    

Holly, be a good girl and stay quiet.    

'Kay?    

I can't breathe...    

The spirit's going back inside him.    

As the heat consumes your breath,
it weakens.    

Allow me to tell you what it is!    

It is an evil spirit, and yet is not.    

Jotaro! What you call an evil spirit    

is a powerful apparition,
created from your own life energy.    

What stands next to you, is...    

A Stand!    

A Stand? 

As the famous Aesop fable goes,    

the traveler who pulls his cloak
tightly in the chill of the wind,    

releases it under the heat of the sun.    

Care to come out, Jojo?    

Whatever.    

I'll stay put until I know
I'm not a danger to others.    

It's nice to meet
a fellow evil-spirit wielder,    

but, you know, if you keep this up,    

you die.    

He destroyed the toilet!    

That's destruction of property!    

I warned you.    

Bastard!    

Don't say I didn't warn you!    

Hey!    

Don't turn your back on me?    

Look at me!    

Mr. Joestar.    

As you can see, he has left his cell.    

So...    

you got me, eh?    

Not exactly.    

I had planned to send you to the hospital.    

You were more powerful
than I had expected.    

What if I hadn't stopped
my evil spirit from throwing    

this iron bar straight through you?    

My Stand is Magician's Red.    

It can melt such steel in mid air.    

Avdol is just like you.    

Proof enough that you
need not study your evil spirit    

here in prison any longer.    

 MAGICIAN'S RED
MOHAMMED AVDOL    

Oh, thank goodness.    

Jotaro finally came out of his cell.    

God you're annoying, you bitch.    

Okay!    

Hey!    

How dare you address
your own mother that way?    

And Holly, stop grinning at the boy!    

Okay!    

Grandpa! Tell me one thing...    

Just one thing...    

How do you know all this?    

Why do you know about
my evil spirit, I mean, Stand?    

I don't get it.    

Of course.    

That's why I made the trip
from New York, after all.    

I need to start from the beginning.    

This has to do with the Joestar family.    

First, take a look at these pictures.    

What is this?    

That's a hundred-year-old coffin
pulled up from the Atlantic Ocean,    

off the African coast four years ago.    

Coffin?    

I did my research, and found
it was on the passenger ship    

where my grandfather, Jonathan Joestar, 

your great-great grandfather, was k*lled. 

Apparently it was empty
when they discovered it.    

But I know what lay inside!    

Avdol and I are trying to
locate him as we speak.    

Him? Hold on...    

You make it sound like it's a person.    

Why would you call something    

that's been at the bottom of
the sea for a hundred years "him"?    

He's evil incarnate!    

And his name is Dio! 

Awakened after a century of sleep. 

And it's our destiny to fight this man! 

Hey, Jotaro?    

That face you're making
makes me think I'm boring you!    

This face means that stupid story
makes me speechless, Gramps.    

Gramps?    

You're Avdol, right?    

I don't know who you think you are,    

but I can tell you are a pompous prick.    

And Old Man, you expect me
to listen to that crazy story    

and just accept it?    

Is it any less believable    

than the evil spirits you and I have?    

Fair enough.    

You'll have to believe us soon enough.    

Once you understand how I know Dio,    

and why I must pursue him...    

Allow me to demonstrate.    

It turns out that I too    

gained my own "evil spirit"
or Stand about a year ago.    

What?    

What, Old Man?    

Let me show you!    

This is...    

my Stand!    

Did you see it?    

The thorns from my hand? That is my Stand!    

It can reveal far-away visions
and print them on film!    

Unfortunately,
I've gotta bust a   ,    yen camera    

every time I use it!    

Sir, is something wrong?    

We're fine. Go away.    

Right...    

The image that's about to
appear on this photo,    

Jotaro...    

will define your very destiny!    

What?    

Jotaro, Holly, have you two
ever taken a close look    

at the back of your necks?    

What are you talking about?    

You've probably never noticed.    

On the back of my neck
is a mark like a star.    

What the hell does all this mean?    

According to my mother,
my father had it too.    

He d*ed when I was young.    

Seems all those with
Joestar blood have this mark.    

So, Old Man,
what's gonna show up on that photo.    

The star that escaped your notice
is our destiny!    

-Dad...
-Don't mess with me!    

Show me the damn photo!    

Dio!    

My spirit photography bares
his image every time!    

Take a look at the back of his neck!    

Below this bastard scum's neck,    

is the body of my grandfather,
Jonathan Joestar!    

One hundred years ago, a mysterious
incident unfolded on the Atlantic. 

From what Granny Erina told me
about my grandfather's death, 

Dio must have survived by taking his body! 

 But one thing's for certain:    

 He's hiding somewhere, plotting something!    

It's been four years since he was revived.    

My spirit photography, your evil spirit,    

 have all appeared within this past year...    

 It has to be Dio!    

 "Normal" people would deem
our abilities as supernatural.    

I've had this Stand since birth.    

 But yours and your grandfather's abilities    

 share an invisible link with Dio,
Jonathan's body.    

Undoubtedly, Dio has awakened
your dormant abilities. 

 Avdol, where is he?
Can you tell from the photo?    

 I cannot.
The background is barely visible.    

As I thought.    

I will examine this.    

Please.    

Oh, Holly.    

Forgive Daddy for all the scary talk.    

Now, let's go home.    

Yes...    

We'll be staying in Japan for a while.    

Thank you for putting us up.    

 Of course, Dad.    

 Let's go, Jotaro.    

Again...    

Just now, it felt as though
someone was watching me.    

It has to be Jonathan's descendants...    

This body is sending some kind of
signal to his offspring.    

Very well. It must be fate...    

A fate that must be annihilated,
a destiny that must be erased.    

My intervention begins now.    

Jotaro! 

Here, a goodbye kiss. 

-You bitch...
-I'm Noriaki Kakyoin. 

I just transferred here yesterday. 

Does this look like a pen to you? 

The loser is the evil one. 

The one who'll be the judge is...
Previously on Jojo's Bizarre Adventure... 

Come out. We're going home.  

Get lost.  

I didn't ask for you.  

You'll "help"?  

Say hello to my friend.
We met in Egypt three years ago.  

His name is Avdol.  

Red Bind!  

This is...   

Allow me to tell you what it is!   

It is an evil spirit, yet it is not.   

Jotaro! What you call an evil spirit   

is a powerful apparition,
created from your own life energy.   

What stands next to you, is...   

a Stand!   

That's a hundred-year-old coffin
pulled up from the Atlantic Ocean,   

off the African coast four years ago.   

Coffin?   

I did my research, and found
it was on the passenger ship   

where my grandfather, Jonathan Joestar, 

your great-great grandfather, was k*lled. 

Apparently it was empty
when they discovered it.   

But I know what lay inside!   

Avdol and I are trying to
locate him as we speak.   

He's evil incarnate!   

And his name is Dio! 

Awakened after a century of sleep. 

And it's our destiny to fight this man! 

Take a look at the back of his neck!   

Below this bastard scum's neck,   

is the body of my grandfather,
Jonathan Joestar!   

 KUJO   

Jotaro! Wait!   

You forgot something!   

Goodness...   

Here, a goodbye kiss.   

Smooch.   

Annoying bitch...   

Quit being so freakin clingy, will ya?   

Okay! Have a good day!   

Good grief...   

Hey, it's Jojo.   

What? Jojo?   

You're right! It's Jojo!   

-Jojo!
-Jojo!   

Good morning, Jojo.   

-Jojo!
-Good morning, Jojo.   

Jojo, what were you doing
taking four days off from school?   

Hey!   

Just what do you think you're doing?   

He doesn't like you like that! Back off!   

What's your problem, ugly?   

Shut up, no-boobs.   

-Ugly.
-No-boobs.   

Shut up! You're pissing me off!   

He actually spoke to me!   

No, he spoke to me!   

Jojo, wait!   

Wait for us!   

-Jojo!
-Jojo!   

What? 

-Jojo!
-Jojo!   

The branches...   

Jojo!   

Oh, no!   

Jojo fell down the steps!   

Oh, but he's still moving!   

Thank God the branches broke his fall!   

Did a branch just slice open my knee? 

No... 

It was there before the fall! 

That's why I missed the step. I know it. 

But... 

Jojo!   

Are you all right?   

Oh?   

I see his Stand has great power.   

No wonder...   

the Master wants him dead.   

No matter...   

He is no match for my Stand.   

 EPISODE TWO:
WHO WILL BE THE JUDGE?   

 You really scared me.   

 -Are you okay, Jojo?
-Are you okay, Jojo?   

That was lucky.   

Fifteen centimeters more,
and you'd have hit the pavement.   

People slip on these steps all the time.   

From now on, we'd better
hold hands going down, Jojo.   

You...   

Your left leg appears to be bleeding.   

Here, you can use this handkerchief
to clean yourself up.   

Are you all right?   

I'll be just fine.   

Hold it.   

Thanks.   

I don't recognize you.
Do you go to this school?   

Noriaki Kakyoin.   

I just transferred here yesterday.   

Nice to meet you.    

-Huh...
-Huh…    

So he's Kakyoin, huh? He's kinda cute.    

Really?    

I like Jojo more.    

-Me, too.
-Me, too.    

-What?
-What are you talking about?    

-Give it up.
-I'm the best for Jojo.    

Back then, I was weak...    

I had no body.    

If I hadn't stolen Jonathan Joestar's...    

If it hadn't been for his energy,
negligiable as it was,    

I couldn't have survived that century 

at the bottom of the sea. 

But this body is an expression of
the bond between parent and child.    

It seems to tie me to
Jonathan's descendants. 

They know of my presence.    

Jonathan's body has given me
a new power...    

The Stand!    

It reaches out to
the flesh of his progeny.    

Alas, with it come advantages
and disadvantages.    

They are two sides of
the same coin. Such is life.    

I must eliminate them...    

The Joestar clan must be exterminated. 

Damnit, this room is so cramped!    

This is why I hate Japan.    

Avdol, how can you stand this?    

I find it quite fascinating...    

the "Way of Tea."    

"Way of Tea", my ass.    

Instant coffee will do just fine!    

Speaking of Dio...    

Mr. Joestar, as long as
we can sense his existence,    

we must assume he can sense ours.    

Indeed.    

But if we don't know his next move,
or even what his powers may be...    

Japanese coffee is awful!    

It's from America.    

Jojo, how did you get that cut?    

Don't tell me. You got into
another fight, didn't you?    

And take off that hat!    

It's rude!    

For pity's sake...    

Come on Doc, has Jojo
ever gotten hurt in a fight?    

Yeah, think about it.    

Yeah!    

I suppose you're right.    

Okay, I'll believe you fell down,
your grace.    

Hey, hold on.    

What are you going to do?    

I'm going to cut off your pants.    

Quit joking around.    

Well, I can't treat you otherwise.    

I'll take them off.    

You'll ruin a perfectly good
pair of paints.    

Who knew you were such a cheapskate.    

And while Jojo does that,    

I'll take your temperatures
so I can prove you're faking.    

No, we've got colds.    

Let us go home early.    

Nope!    

Whoops.    

What is this?    

 JOTARO KUJO, TODAY, YOU DIE AT THE HAND
OF MY STAND! NORIAKI KAKYOIN    

Kakyoin?    

Hey... Doctor!    

What are you doing?    

Can't you see?    

I'm shaking out thermometer for you.    

Thermometer? Doc...    

Doc, that's a pen!    

A pen? A pen you say?    

Does this look like a pen to you?    

What imbeciles you boys are!    

You actually think
this thermometer is a pen?    

Why don't you take...    

a closer...    

look!    

She's...    

NORIAKI KAKYOIN    

My eye! My eye!    

Jojo...    

You aren't going to tell me    

this looks like a pen, too, are you?    

This upper body strength...    

She's no ordinary nurse.    

I saw something weird
crawl up from the floor. 

Was it a Stand? 

Noriaki Kakyoin...    

Did he cut my leg on the stairs, too?    

Bingo.    

You're...    

So we meet again.    

I've attached my Stand to the doctor.    

She is under my control now.    

att*ck my Stand,
and you'll injure her, Jojo.    

You bastard... Who the hell are you?    

I told you. I'm Noriaki Kakyoin.    

My Stand's name is Hierophant Green.    

And while I am human,
I pledged my loyalty to him...    

Which is why...    

I have to k*ll you!    

I'm not letting you harm her.    

Now that I've dragged it out... I see…    

it's nothing more than
a pathetic parasite.    

Kakyoin, this your Stand?    

Kinda reminds me of
a fat, shiny, green melon.    

You're going to regret
dragging that out of her, Jojo.    

Cut the bravado.    

From the looks of your forehead,    

I'm about to smash    

two melons at once.    

For now, I'm gonna keep
a grip on you for a bit.    

I'll take you to the Old Man.    

I'm sure he'll be pleased to meet you...    

Besides, I'd like to know more
about Dio myself.    

What?    

What's this green stuff dripping
from his Stand's hands?    

I already told you, Jojo...    

You will regret this.    

Get ready for my Stand,
Hierophant Green's...    

Enough foul play!    

Emerald Splash!    

What do you think?    

Emerald Splash...    

What you thought was green ooze,    

is the destructive energy
Hierophant Green controls!    

It pierced your Stand's chest.    

So you must be bleeding internally.    

You and that nurse...    

What?    

But how? I pulled the Stand out of her...    

I told you...    

Attacking Hierophant hurts her.    

My Stand can travel farther than yours,    

though it prefers closed-in spaces.    

It particularly enjoys hiding from sight.    

Pull it out, however,
and you'll witness its wrath.    

That's why it tore her throat to shreds.    

It's your fault, Jojo!    

You're responsible!    

It's all because of you, Jojo!    

This is your doing!    

If you would have just let me k*ll you,    

she would be perfectly fine now.    

You're trying to stand up?    

How sad...    

You look like a sorry punching bag,    

awaiting your next thrashing.    

It's true: I, Jotaro Kujo,
have been called a delinquent.    

And it's true that I tend to b*at
the crap out my opponents. 

Some are still in the hospital. 

I've also put cocky teachers
in their places, 

so much so that some never come back. 

And I make it a policy
to stiff restaurants 

that serve crappy, over-priced food. 

But...    

even a guy like me...    

can spot evil when he see's it.    

Evil is when you use
the weak for your own gain,    

and then stomp on them when it's over.    

And that's what you've done.    

To a young lady, even!    

Your Stand hides from its victims
and the law. But...    

I will be your judge!    

Evil?    

You have it all wrong.    

The loser is evil.    

The victor is righteous.    

Whoever survives to tell the tale!    

The end justifies the means!    

The loser is the evil one.    

And now, the final blow!    

What? The loser is the evil one?    

Emerald Splash!    

Well, in that case...    

What?    

Impossible!
He deflected my Emerald Splash!    

...let's see just how evil you are!    

The judge will be...    

my Stand!    

What power...    

You caught me off guard back there.    

I'm glad my Stand's strong,    

but I get the sense it's growing
more and more savage by the day.    

That was close.    

A little tender loving care,
and the Doc should be as good as new.    

What was that? A gas expl*si*n?    

It came from the nurse's office!    

Everyone stay put!    

They can take over from here.    

I'm taking the day off.    

This guy has some explaining to do.
About Dio...    

 HIEROPHANT GREEN
NORIAKI KAKYOIN    

At this very moment, my Jotaro must
be thinking about me at school!    

It must be that psychic connection
between mother and son.    

It's not.    

Jotaro!    

What about school? And who is that?    

He's covered in blood!    

Did you...    

Stay out of this.    

Where's the Old Man?    

And why does this house
have to be so freakin big?    

I think your grandfather's
in the tea room, with Avdol.    

Oh, Jotaro... 

You never want to talk to me anymore. 

I... 

worry about you so much. 

But I can see right through you!    

Deep down, you're a sweet boy.    

-Hey.
-Yes?    

You're looking a little pale today.    

You okay?    

Yay! Fine, thank you!    

I knew it. 

It doesn't look good. It's too late.    

We can't save him.    

I give him a few days.    

Jotaro, it's not your fault.    

Look.    

Do you know why he chose
to obey Dio, even to k*ll?    

The culprit...    

is here!    

The hell?    

NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW    

This isn't good at all... At this rate… 

Sometimes having a cold isn't so bad. 

I don't really understand, either. 

This is the one thing I feared most! 

Tell me how we should deal with this!
EPISODE THREE:
THE CURSE OF DIO  

 It's too late.  

We can't save him.  

He has only a few days left.  

Jotaro, this isn't your fault.  

Behold.  

The real reason this man
swore loyalty to Dio,  

and came here to k*ll you  

lies before our eyes,   

here!   

What the... That wriggling piece
of flesh looks like a spider.   

So that's why he became Dio's minion?   

It is a "flesh bud,"
made of Dio's own cells.   

And it extends all the way to
the young man's brain.   

This modest-sized flesh bud 

exerts power over his entire psyche. 

In other words, the flesh bud
functions to elicit emotion,   

like an antenna that channels...   

Dio's charisma!   

The kind of charisma that drives
a man to follow a dictator,   

to put his faith into
a nefarious cult leader.   

This boy idolized Dio and swore
his loyalty to him in the process!   

Dio uses his charisma,   

his intoxicating charm,
to overwhelm and control.   

It's how he ordered Kakyoin to k*ll us.   

So slice him open and pull it out.   

The brain is too delicate.   

If he so much as flinches,
we'll cause irreparable damage.   

Jojo.   

You must listen to me now.
About four months ago, in Cairo,   

I too met Dio!   

I am a fortune teller by trade, 

and I had just returned to my shop
in Khan Khalili when, 

under a full moon, 

I saw him... 

standing quietly atop the stairs
to my shop's second floor, 

with eyes so cold it felt as if
he was piercing my heart. 

His hair looked like spun gold, 

his skin, alabaster, almost transparent. 

Most of all, he emanated a strange,
almost inhuman sensuality. 

I had heard about him from
Mr. Joestar, so I knew at once. 

It was was Dio, back from
the depths of the Atlantic! 

I've heard you have a unique ability,   

something ordinary humans do not.   

It would please me greatly   

if you could grant me
a small demonstration.   

That's when the terror sunk in. 

His words had managed to calm my soul. 

They were imbued with
a dangerous sweetness. 

It was horrifying! 

Come, Avdol...   

I ran for my life. 

I didn't dare fight him. 

I was lucky. 

Had Mr. Joestar not warned me, 

had I not been able to
jump out that window 

and fall into a maze of familiar streets, 

escaping with my life, 

I would have ended up like this young man,   

a pawn of Dio,
dominated by another flesh bud.   

And, like the boy,
you'd have d*ed in a few years,   

your brain devoured.   

d*ed?   

Not so fast.   

Kakyoin's...   

still alive!   

I'll pull that thing out with my Stand!   

Wait, Jotaro!   

Back off, old man!   

I'll pull it out fast,
with no damage to his brain.   

My Stand has the speed and accuracy
to grab a b*llet mid-flight.   

Don't! That flesh bud is alive!   

There's a reason why part of it
is outside the skin.   

The same reason why even
a skilled surgeon can't remove it!   

-sh*t!
-The flesh sh*t out a tentacle!   

Curses! Let go of it, Jojo!   

It'll infiltrate the brain of
anyone who tries to remove it!   

You...   

Stay still, Kakyoin.
One mistake, and you're a dead man.   

Let go now, Jojo! It's reached your face!   

Wait, Avdol!   

This is my grandson
we're talking about here.   

His body may be under siege,   

but he'll remain cool as a cucumber.   

He and his stand are solid as a rock!   

He's more powerful
and precise than a machine!   

He did it!   

Overdrive!   

Why?   

Why did you risk your own life to save me?   

Well...   

Can't say I really know why myself.   

Your mother sees
right through you, Jotaro. 

FIRST AID KIT   

There ya go.   

Thank you...very much.   

Kakyoin, wasn't it?   

I think you're overdue for some rest.   

Why don't you stay with us tonight?    

Papa, go get his futon ready.    

Huh? Why me?    

I've never even liked the idea
of sleeping on the floor!    

Holly, get that futon out of
my room and give me a real bed!    

Papa, you're in Japan,    

you should get accustomed to
the Japanese way of life.    

Oh, and call me "Seiko."    

What?    

My friends here think my name is "Holy,"    

so they call me "Seiko" for "holy child."    

What in the hell?    

"Holly" is the beautiful name
I gave my beautiful da...    

From now on, I won't answer
unless you call me "Seiko."    

Holly!    

Does it hurt, Kakyoin?    

I'm fine.    

Holly!    

-Good grief...
-All right...    

Kakyoin, take off your uniform.    

-Huh?
-Come on, now.    

Holly!    

Hmph.    

Holly! Hey, Holly.    

Hey, where are you?    

Look at these! These are Jotaro's pants!    

Where are mine?    

They fit fine, but look at them!
I can't wear these!    

Hey, Holly!    

Oh, I'm supposed to call her "Seiko"    

or she won't respond?    

No, my daughter is Holly.
Holly! Answer me!    

This time I'm really gonna do it.
I'm going to school.    

Weird...    

Here, a goodbye kiss.    

Smooch.    

That's usually how it plays out... 

Ms...    

Ms. Holly!    

Ms. Holly!    

She's burning up with a fever...    

An illness?    

No... It can't be!    

Forgive me...    

How can this be?    

It's transparent...    

It's a Stand!    

Ms. Holly has gained a Stand as well!    

 HERMIT PURPLE
JOSEPH JOESTAR    

Ms. Holly has a Stand, too.    

But this high fever...
The Stand is hurting her.    

We were so relieved Dio's body    

had only affected Jojo and Mr. Joestar!    

We thought Ms. Holly
had escaped unscathed,    

but we were just deluding ourselves.    

This was inevitable.    

With Joestar blood in her veins,    

Dio's influence is unescapable.    

But...    

a Stand is guided by
its user's fighting spirit.    

A Stand is called to action
by one's battle instinct.    

The kind and gentle Ms. Holly
is helpless against Dio's curse. 

She doesn't have the strength
to control her Stand. 

Instead, her Stand is acting
against her, crippling her!    

This is an emergency. At this rate...    

She'll die!    

She'll be overcome!    

A Stand...    

Holly...    

My worst fear has come true!    

My girl, she has a Stand...    

I knew she didn't have
the power to resist.    

I knew she didn't have
the strength to deny Dio's soul.    

Tell me! What can we do?    

There's one thing.    

We must find Dio!    

We must k*ll Dio and break the curse!    

That's our only option!    

But...    

no matter how many times I try,
he's always hiding in the darkness.    

The background is always dark!    

My pictures never reveal his whereabouts!    

We've used every means to no avail.    

The darkness is impenetrable.    

Well, why didn't you say so?    

I have a feeling
it might just be able to...    

find the bastard!    

Seems it found something behind Dio.    

Don't forget, my Stand can    

move accurately enough to remove
a flesh bud from the brain, 

and catch b*ll*ts in mid-air. 

Let's have it sketch what it sees.    

A fly! A fly was in the photo!    

But a fly can't help us!    

Wait a moment!    

-I know this species!
-What?    

Jojo, do you have an encyclopedia?    

-The library's out back.
-Give me the sketch.    

I'll be back.    

Holly!    

Papa, I...    

Just rest. Jotaro, water,
get me some water.    

You seem to have recovered.    

My apologies, but I'm in
the middle of an investigation.    

Is it really possible for
a Stand to k*ll its own user?    

It is.    

I've witnessed the phenomenon
several times.    

At present,
the Stand is confined to her back.    

But in time,    

that thorny-plant Stand will likely
overtake Ms. Holly's entire body.    

She will develop a high fever
and various illnesses, 

before slipping into a coma,
never to awaken again. 

Then death. 

No ordinary doctor can see what we can,    

much less cure her...    

No one, not you nor I, can heal her.    

But there is still hope.    

It will take fifty days for
the Stand to take its toll.    

We must locate and destroy Dio
before time runs out!    

If we can sever the link
between her Stand and Dio,    

we can save her!    

Thank you, Jotaro.    

I don't know what happened.    

I don't know how I suddenly
developed a fever and passed out.    

But...    

-I feel better now.
-It's on her back, 

so she has no idea. 

You had us all worried, Holly.    

Here. You've got to brush
your teeth when you get up.    

-Say, "ahh."
-Ahh...    

Now wipe your face...    

Your hair is a mess.    

Now for your nails...    

-Ahh...
-Ahhh...    

Come help me change my undies, Papa.    

Just kidding! I was joking!    

Now, then, what would you like    

-for dinner, Jotaro?
-Hey...    

Freeze! Stay in bed!    

I mean, you should take it easy    

until that fever of yours dies down.    

Just keep quiet and rest
until you're better.    

Holly, come on...    

You're right.    

You're all so nice when I'm sick.    

I guess a little cold
once in a while isn't so bad.    

Holly!    

She's passed out cold again.    

She was acting fine, but she's burning up.    

That confirms it.    

She didn't say a word, but she
noticed the Stand on her back.    

Just like her to try and hide it from us.    

Holly never wants us to worry!    

That's who she is.    

Mr. Joestar, I've found it!    

That fly is...    

this.    

The Nile Tsetse Fly. 

Found only near the banks of the Nile, 

the striped leg variety
is known as the Aswan Tsetse fly. 

Egypt!    

He must be in the Aswan region.    

That's where we'll find Dio!    

So he's in Egypt after all...    

Kakyoin.    

What do you mean?    

It was three months ago    

that he embedded the flesh bud
into my brain.    

I met Dio while traveling with
my family on the Nile in Egypt.    

You were in Egypt, too?    

It would seem Dio
wishes to remain in Egypt.    

When do we leave?    

I'll go with you.    

With us? Why?    

Who can say...    

I can't say I know
the answer to that myself.    

Let's just say you've opened my eyes.    

That's all.    

Holly... We'll save you.    

Just rest.    

There's nothing for you to worry about...    

We will make you better again.    

Just you rest.    

Jojo's mother, Ms. Holly...
she's a calming soul.    

She can put you at ease
just by being near her.    

This may sound strange,
but if I ever fall in love,    

I hope it will be with a woman like her.    

I feel like I want to protect her.    

I want to see her feeling better,
to see her smile again.    

Indeed.    

Time's running out! It's time to go!    

They're doctors from
the Speedwagon Foundation.    

We can trust them.    

They will take care of Holly
around the clock.    

Jojo, before we leave...    

I am a fortune teller.    

Allow me to give your Stand its name.    

Name?    

With the Tarot, the cards of fate.    

Draw a card, but do not look at it.    

It will reveal your destiny,
along with the power of your Stand.    

Your card! It's the Star!    

Your Stand shall be named...    

Star Platinum!    

Jotaro Kujo. 

Stand name: Star Platinum! 

Ability: Precision and
extraordinary strength! 

Joseph Joestar. 

Stand name: Hermit Purple! 

Ability: Spirit photography! 

Mohammed Avdol. 

Stand name: Magician's Red! 

Ability: Flames and heat! 

Noriaki Kakyoin. 

Stand name: Hierophant Green! 

Ability: Remote Stand manipulation
and Emerald Splash! 

All right, we're off.    

Let's hit the road!    

NARITA
BANGKOK    

ABOU DHABI
KUWAIT    

CAIRO    

As I thought...    

They have detected my location.    

Will you make it?    

To Egypt?    

Joseph and Jotaro...    

He saw us.    

I just felt Dio looking at us.    

-Yeah.
-Stay on your guard.    

A new Stand user
may already be on this plane.    

NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW    

We've already found the next Stand user! 

Impossible!
It's faster than Star Platinum! 

What? 

It writhes in pain when torn apart. 

Wow... He's so handsome! 

Pardon me. 

Do you have a moment?
There is, of course, the feeling of fear.  

It's a natural emotion
found in all animals.  

What do you think causes fear?  

There is the kind of fear born
of animal instinct,  

and the kind of fear
born of a rational mind.  

That is, one may perceive fear when
facing a foe stronger than oneself  

and realizing there is
no way of fighting back,  

or when encountering the unknown.  

The sheer uncertainty can be terrifying.   

If faced with such fear,   

a person has a number of options
from which to choose.   

One might struggle,
resist, flee, or accept.   

But upon meeting Lord Dio,
a new, unexpected reaction arises...   

One feels joy!   

How do people act   

once they feel joy in fear?   

Our friend is currently on the plane   

Joestar and the others have boarded.   

They will find it utterly impossible 

to reach their final destination
in one piece. 

A rhino beetle?   

No...   

It's a stag beetle!   

Is it a Stand, Avdol?   

Did Dio already send one of his men?   

It's possible...   

A Stand that takes the form of an insect.   

It hid in the shadow of the seats...   

Where did it go?   

Jojo! It's right by your head!     

It's huge! It has to be a Stand. 

That insect is a Stand! 

Disgusting...   

But I'll take care of it.   

Be careful.   

I've been told there is an insectile Stand   

that likes to rip out
the tongues of its victims.   

Star Platinum!   

It dodged! 

I don't believe it!   

It's faster than Star Platinum,   

a Stand who has the speed and
precision to grab a flying b*llet.   

So it has to be a Stand.
That bug's a Stand!   

Where is he? Where is he hiding?   

But where can the user be hiding?   

Here it comes!   

sh*t!   

Jotaro!   

Just in the nick of time,   

it stopped the bug's needle
with its teeth, but...   

It's after Jotaro's Stand's tongue...   

It's him!   

The Tower card of the Tarot...   

It symbolizes destruction and calamity, 

and the interruption of journeys.
This stand is called, 

Tower of Gray. 

Tower of Gray is responsible
for mass m*rder,   

which he makes look like accidents!   

They say the plane crash
in England last year   

that claimed     lives is his handiwork.   

I've heard rumors of this Stand user,   

but not that he's joined Dio!   

It dodged it.   

And not just a single jab,
but a two-fisted barrage of blows.   

Its speed is incredible...   

Even if you fired ten g*n at me
from one centimeter away,   

not a single b*llet would touch my Stand!   

Not that a g*n could harm a Stand...   

He has to be nearby! 

Who is it? 

Who could be controlling it? 

Which passengers is it? 

If we just knew who it is... 

It's gone again! 

Over there now!   

What's it trying to do? 

No, it wouldn't! 

Bingo!   

Got their tongues!   

And now for the best part...   

m*ssacre! 

Its definition: complete slaughter! 

He actually did it...   

I'll incinerate that bug alive!   

Magician's Red!   

Wait! Avdol, wait it's...   

What's with all the ruckus...   

Something happen...   

Look out!   

Might as well take a walk to the bathroom.   

What's this slimy stuff?   

M... A...   

It's b-blood! Blood!   

Atemi.   

We have to defeat it
before it causes panic   

among the passengers.   

But, Avdol,   

a Stand like your Magician's Red    

could cause the airplane to explode.    

And Jojo,    

we can't have Star Platinum
tearing any holes in the fuselage.    

It'd be a catastrophe.    

This calls for    

a quiet, more discreet Stand
like Hierophant Green.    

Noriaki Kakyoin, eh?    

Dio has told me all about you.    

Don't bother.    

You think you have
silence on your side, but...    

your Stand can't keep up with my speed.    

Is that so?    

Emerald Splash!    

Emerald Splash!    

Thought if you fire enough sh*ts
you'd get me, huh?    

You haven't hit me at all!    

Blast it! He's too fast!    

Kakyoin!    

You're just not quick enough!    

No bingo for you!    

And now, Kakyoin...    

With this next att*ck,
your Stand's tongue is mine!    

My Tower Needle will puncture
your tongue and rip it out!    

Emerald Splash!    

Don't you get it?    

No! It's still managing to dodge
his Emerald Splash!    

Once my Stand rips out
Hierophant's tongue, you'll go mad...    

from the pain!    

S'that right?    

Once Hierophant's tongue's ripped out,    

I'll go mad from the pain?    

My Hierophant Green...    

What?    

...will go mad all right...    

Once it rips you apart, it'll go mad...    

from pure joy!    

I had already extended
Hierophant's extremities    

into and under the seats.    

My use of Emerald Splash
to move you into position 

must've slipped your notice. 

So it was you all along.    

Seems repulsive Stands
have repulsive users.    

It appears he wasn't implanted
with one of Dio's flesh buds...    

Tower of Gray would k*ll travelers,
and make it look like an accident...    

all for pay.    

He was bought, blinded by greed.    

He was Dio's pawn.    

Something's wrong.    

Is it me, or is this plane flying crooked?    

No, I'm right.    

It can't be!    

Sir, may I ask where you are going?    

I'm afraid the cockpit is
off limits to passengers.    

I know that.    

Sir!    

Oh! He's so handsome. 

Move, bitch.    

The shock!    

Whoa, there.    

Ignore that.    

His disrespectful behavior
is clearly incorrigible...    

But this is an emergency.    

Please forgive him.    

Okay...    

Dammit!    

He got us!    

Their tongues have been ripped out.    

That beetle bastard...    

The pilots never had a chance!    

We're falling.    

The autopilot's knocked out. 

We're gonna crash! 

What?    

My Stand is The Tower card,    

symbol of accidents and
the end of a journey.    

You will never make it to Lord Dio!    

Even if you survive this crash,    

you'll still be   ,    kilometers
from Egypt!    

Those loyal to Lord Dio will
follow you every hour of every day!    

The world is rank with Stands    

more horrific than you could ever imagine.    

Lord Dio is the master of Stands!    

He has the power to reign over all.    

There's no way you'll reach him!    

You will never make it to Egypt!    

You stewardesses are real pros.    

You didn't let out a single shriek.    

And I never had to lose my temper.    

Now, listen up.    

This old man's gonna
land this heap on the water.    

Make sure our passengers
have their life jackets    

and seat belts ready.    

Got it!    

Old man.    

Well...    

I have driven a prop plane before, but...    

Prop plane?    

You know, Jotaro...this is
my third time in a plane crash.    

Have you ever heard of someone
being in a plane crash three times?    

No way in hell...    

No way in hell I'm ever
riding with you again.    

 TOWER OF GRAY
GRAY FLY    

The plane landed    kilometers
off the Hong Kong coast. 

Jotaro and the others had no choice.
They diverted to Hong Kong. 

...Thirty-five kilometers south
of Hong Kong, near Lamma Island. 

Efforts are underway
to rescue all passengers. 

Hong Kong! 

Hong Kong Island! Kowloon!
The New Territories! 

With more than     islands in the area, 

Hong Kong and its breathtaking night scape 

is known the world over
as the "Million Dollar View." 

Right. That's fine.    

Please make sure the only ones
aboard are us and the crew.    

Right. We don't want any more victims.    

Also...    

Hey, big guy!    

You guys aren't from around here are ya?    

Want some rice porridge?    

Can't come to Hong Kong and not try
our dim sum or rice porridge.    

We have some hot cola, too.    

Rice porridge, eh? Not bad.    

Did you know, Jojo?    

Unlike in Japan, rice porridge
is a staple in Hong Kong.    

One bowl, the popular way,
with pork and century egg.    

Coming right up!    

In that case I'll have—    

Hey!    

You boys think we have time to eat?    

We're going to my old favorite.    

Hey, dandy guy.    

Want to try some Hong Kong hot cola?    

Hot?    

Everybody knows it's supposed to be cold.    

Old man, who were you just calln?    

Hm? Oh, I'll explain when
we get to the restaurant.    

We need to work out a plan
that'll get us to Egypt    

as safely and quickly as possible.    

A plan?    

Mr. Joestar,    

we cannot allow any more
innocent civilians to be hurt.    

The quickest way would be by plane, but...    

Indeed.    

Traveling by plane to Egypt is now
completely out of the question.    

If we encounter another Stand user    

like the last one on a commercial flight,    

we'll cause a disaster
that will harm many people.    

We'll have to get to Egypt
by either land or sea.    

But if we fail to find Dio
within fifty days...    

If we could've stayed on that plane,    

we'd probably be in Cairo by now.    

I'm well aware of that.    

But it's to soon to panic.    

A hundred years ago, Jules Verne
wrote the novel, 

Around the World in    Days.    

That's a journey of   ,    kilometers. 

And that was the era of
steam engines and steamboats. 

Even without a plane, in fifty days,    

we can easily cover
the   ,    kilometers to Egypt.    

As for the route...    

I say we go by sea.    

We can charter a decent-sized boat,    

and circumvent the Malay Peninsula,
to the Indian Ocean.    

A Silk Road of the sea, as it were.    

I too agree that is best.    

Crossing boarders could bring trouble.    

And we'd have to cross
the Himalayas and the desert.    

We could lose a great deal of time.    

The dangers are too many.    

I haven't traveled to
those places using either route,    

so I can't offer any advice.    

I'll leave it up to you two.    

Same.    

Then it's decided.    

The greatest danger that lies ahead
is the Stand users sent by Dio.    

The question is, how do we sneak
into Egypt undetected?    

This is how you signal you want more tea.    

In Hong Kong,
place the teapot lid like this,    

and they'll bring you some more.    

When you've been poured your tea...    

This means "thank you."    

Pardon me. Sorry to bother.    

I'm visiting from France,    

and I'm having some difficulty
making sense of the menu.    

Would you, perchance, be able to
tell me what these characters mean?    

You're annoying. Get out of here.    

Come now, Jotaro. Give him a break.    

I've been to Hong Kong enough
to read a menu, at least.    

Why don't you join us?    

So, what sounds good?    

How about some shrimp, duck, shark fin,    

and something with mushrooms?    

We'll have this, this, this...    

And this, too.    

Oh, and this.    

This looks like beef, fish,
clams, and frog, to me...    

Indeed, this is quite different
from our order.    

I knew this would happen.    

Well, it doesn't matter.    

It's all on me, boys!    

Besides, it doesn't matter what you order.    

It's all delicious!    

All right, everyone, dig in.    

Oh, this is...    

See that? And you were worried.    

Well, they've certainly taken
a lot of time to prepare this.    

Take these carrots, for example...    

Cut into perfect little stars.    

In fact, they remind me of something...    

I remember now.    

Someone I know has a mark,    

a birthmark just like this
on the back of his neck...    

You...    

Are you another...    

Mr. Joestar, look out!    

It's a Stand!    

Magician's Red!    

What?    

Another Stand user!    

He has such speed with his sword...    

My Stand is The Chariot card,
and his name is...    

Silver Chariot!    

Mohammed Avdol,
it appears you wish to die first.    

I've carved a burning clock
into that table!    

Before the clock strikes twelve,    

you will be a dead man!    

Would you like to be friends with me? 

Something is bothering you. 

Stick with me, and it'll disappear
from your heart. 

That left arm is not a right arm. 

To think you're trying to
use fortune-telling 

to fight a fortune teller...
You have a way with a sword,  

I'll grant you that.  

So you think you can k*ll me  

before the flames on that table
strike twelve?  

You seem to have quite the ego.  

And you are...?  

Polnareff.  

Allow me to properly introduce myself.  

That's Jean Pierre Polnareff.   

Merci beaucoup.   

My thanks for the introduction.   

However...   

Monsieur Polnareff,   

you would be mistaken
if you assume my flames   

burn upward or with the wind.   

I can control fire at will,
thus the name "Magician's Red."   

In the beginning, there was fire.   

I should have expected as much
from Magician's Red,   

the emblem of beginnings,
the wielder of fire, of creation.   

And yet, you speak of ego?   

This swordsmanship of mine...   

is this mere ego?!   

In the moment they lined up,   

he stabbed through all five coins
in a single strike!   

No. Look closer.   

That's...   

I see... He's cut a flame for each coin.   

So you comprehend
the significance of my moves.   

I am no egoist.   

My Stand can slice apart flames!   

I can rip apart the atmosphere itself,   

creating gaps between the layers of gases.   

Which means your flames are
powerless before my Silver Chariot.   

When did he...   

My Stand...   

The Chariot is the card
of victory and conquest.   

I could dispose of you
in this modest room, but...   

is not your flame ability better
suited to wide-open spaces, Avdol?   

To destroy you at your best   

is the only victory worthy of my Stand.   

All of you, outside!    

 What is this place?   

Tiger Balm Garden.   

What?   

Tiger Balm Garden, 

a mysterious tableau
located on the hillside of 

Hong Kong's Tai Hang Road. 

Its unique aesthetic and sense of style 

make it one of Hong Kong's
most unusual sites. 

Allow me to make a prediction...   

First, Avdol,   

you shall perish at the hand
of your own Stand.   

Avdol...   

Jotaro, I won't need your assistance.   

In an expansive arena such as this,   

I can manipulate my Stand to the full.   

Come on!   

Come on! Come on! Come on!   

Come on. What's wrong?   

Not going to spit those flames of yours?   

If not, then I'll finish you right now!   

Come on! Come on! Come on!   

That bastard. He's mocking us.   

While he was attacking,   

he managed to carve a statue
of Magician's Red.   

Not bad...   

You fit right in, Magician's Red.   

Finally.   

At last he reveals his true power...   

Interesting...   

Bring it.   

Hey, we gotta hide!   

We'll get torched if Avdol uses that.   

"That"?   

Crossfire Hurricane!   

That all you've got?!   

I told you my sword   

can create gaps between
the layers of our atmosphere,   

so I can slice your flames into bits!   

Avdol!   

His flames are so strong,
they're burning him!   

Just as I predicted.   

You will die by your own flames!   

Good grief!   

One last pitiful att*ck?   

How unsightly!   

That's weird, that blow...   

What?   

Impossible!   

I cut him in half, and out pour flames?   

That's not his Stand.   

It's a duplicate!   

It seems the flames veiled your vision.   

What you sliced apart   

was the statue Silver Chariot
carved from before.   

I told you, I can control flames at will.   

The flames that it sent back toward it   

melted its joints and caused it to move.    

The one defeated by
his own Stand's ability was you!    

Now, another chance to savor the heat...    

Crossfire Hurricane!    

I'm afraid you're ten years too young    

to challenge a fortune teller
to a battle of prediction!    

Such incredible power!    

His Stand took that head-on,
it must have melted. It's over!    

With burns like that,    

I'm guessing he's a goner.    

He's lucky if he escaped
with just serious burns...    

if you could call that luck.    

If he lives,
he'll be in bed for three months.    

His Stand is destroyed.
He's out of commission.    

Now, Mr. Joestar,    

I think it's time we get
on our way to Egypt.    

Indeed.    

What?    

His Stand is breaking apart!    

He flew into the air while unconscious?!    

Bravo! Oh, bravo!    

He's...    

I don't believe it!    

He's completely unharmed!    

How is he floating in mid air?    

Look closely with your inner eye.    

That's...    

Yes, you see?    

Behold, my Stand,
Silver Chariot, armor-free!    

You're speechless.    

Well, I suppose it wouldn't
be very chivalrous,    

if I were to k*ll you all
right here and now    

without fully explaining my powers first.    

Perhaps you will be
kind enough to indulge me?    

Very well.    

Let us hear your explanation.    

My Stand did not break apart
and disappear.    

Silver Chariot is equipped
with protective armor. 

That is what it shed earlier. 

Your flames b*rned away
only part of its armor... 

which is why I escaped
with only minor injuries. 

And now that the armor is off,
I'm light as a feather.    

Were you able to catch a glimpse
of my stand as it held me up?    

That is how quickly it can move now!    

I see...    

The weight of your armor    

made you vulnerable
to my Crossfire Hurricane.    

But, of course, you must know now
that you're naked    

and without protection.    

The next hit will cost you your life.    

Hmm...    

Oui, perhaps.    

Though I'd venture that's highly unlikely.    

Unlikely? I'd like to test that theory.    

First, allow me to show you something    

that will surely boggle your mind.    

By all means.    

What?    

He now has six...no, seven Stands!    

Impossible.    

A person can have only one Stand.    

It seems you're sufficiently befuddled.    

These are afterimages.    

An entire army of Stand afterimages
to deceive your sight    

and your hearing.    

Your senses can't follow their movements.    

How about this sword speed?    

 SILVER CHARIOT
JEAN PIERRE POLNAREFF    

Red Bind!    

I told you you can't keep up.    

Your flames grasp only afterimages.    

Striking at random now?    

You're getting a bit desperate, Avdol.    

It's true;
he'll end up exhausting himself.    

Crossfire Hurricane!    

Non. 

That was just an image.    

Your att*cks will not work
against my Stand.    

Come on, come on, come on!    

Avdol!    

Such precision. His...    

Stand ability...
it's been trained at length.    

For nearly ten years, in fact...
I have my reasons why.    

Now, hurry up and att*ck.    

I'd like to end this post haste.    

I must say, to reveal
the nature of your att*ck    

is a rather noble deed.    

Now allow me to do the same...
to return the favor.    

Oh?    

This, as a matter of fact,    

is a variation of my Crossfire Hurricane.    

You'll recognize the Ankh shape,
but the number differs.    

I can divide it into multiple blasts.    

Crossfire Hurricane    

Special!    

Dodge this!    

You are a fool, Avdol!    

His Stands assumed a circular formation!    

He has no opening!    

Naive! Naive, naive, naive, naive!    

So naive!    

I'll strike you down with your own power    

just as I did before!    

I'll slice the flames and throw them back!    

What?    

That's...    

The hole he made earlier...    

I get it!    

That flame dug a tunnel,    

a tunnel for his Crossfire Hurricane!    

As I told you,    

I can divide my flame and
launch it as multiple att*cks.    

Fire is an agonizing way to perish.    

Take the dagger and end it.    

I was conceited.    

I never thought my swordsmanship
could lose to fire.    

I choose to perish slowly from my burns.    

I owe at least that much respect
to the man who has    

to the man who has
so skillfully defeated me.    

It would be cowardly to end it myself.    

His sense of honor
endures to the very end!    

And he didn't use the dagger
to att*ck me from behind!    

His honor is too great
to yield to Dio's orders.    

It would be a disservice to k*ll him.    

There's a reason behind his actions...    

Jojo!    

Yeah.    

Yuck! Those tentacles are disgusting!    

Jotaro, hurry up and pull it out!    

-Shut up, old man.
-Come on!    

There!    

Now that the flesh bud is gone,
we can be buddies.    

Ta-da!    

Kakyoin, don't people who
make stupid puns all the time    

get on your nerves, or it just me?    

The boat we chartered from
the Speedwagon Foundation yesterday    

should be at the harbor now.    

What's wrong?    

Something on your mind, Polnareff?    

I never thanked you properly for
freeing me from Dio's mind control.    

Don't thank me, thank Jojo.    

I'm good.    

It was a kind thought, but it seems
to have fallen on deaf ears.    

As you wish. I've no desire
to come off as heavy-handed.    

But I'm not quite finished here.    

Monsieur Joestar,    

I hope you'll indulge my asking
a very bizarre question.    

Bizarre question?    

It's none of my business,    

but I noticed you never took off
your gloves, even while eating.    

Your left hand wouldn't happen
to be a right hand, would it?    

What? My left hand a right one?    

You weren't kidding
about the bizarre part.    

What are you talking about?    

I'm looking for the man
who m*rder my sister.    

I don't know what he looks like. 

But I do know he has two right hands.    

It's a wound from fifty years ago...
a badge of honor.    

I apologize for being so rude.
Please forgive me.    

If it's not too painful,
tell me what happened.    

It was three years ago...    

My little sister was
walking home from school 

with a classmate one rainy day. 

In our hometown...a small
countryside village in France. 

On the side of the road,
a man stood with his back to them. 

Strangely, in the middle of pouring rain, 

as if surrounded by
some invisible membrane, 

the rain fell in torrents around him. 

Then suddenly, 

her classmate's chest was
sliced open, as if with a sickle. 

And then... 

He had his way with her and left her dead. 

The man wanted nothing more. 

Her friend escaped with her life... 

to tell me the tale of that fateful day. 

She never did see his face, 

but saw that he had two right hands. 

No one believed her, but I knew.    

I knew that man had a power    

not unlike that which I had
been hiding all these years.    

He's a Stand user, all right.    

I swore an oath!    

I promised my sister's soul
I would avenge her,    

to hunt down that k*ller and
make him pay with his life!    

And I would use my Stand
as a means of righteous vengeance!    

Then, one year ago, I met Dio.    

I see something in the crystal ball.    

It's...    

It is a vision.
Not from my heart but from yours.    

The man you seek, the pain you hide,    

my power only brings it into focus.    

How about it?    

Why don't we become friends?    

You are distressed. You are suffering.    

Join me, and your suffering
will soon be a thing of the past.    

The image in the globe
is what pains you, no?    

Lend me your strength.    

I too am suffering.    

I have been denied
the sun's embrace for all eternity.    

That is why I need your strength.    

Allow me to find him for you.    

Then I was ordered to k*ll you all.    

I felt it was the right thing to do.    

The flesh bud is partially responsible,    

but it seems he's quite the manipulator.    

Indeed. And judging by that story,    

I would wager that the man
with two right hands    

is already his underling.    

I've made up my mind!
I want to travel with you to Egypt!    

By going after Dio,    

I'll find the one
who took my sister's life!    

What do we do?    

I've no objections.    

Even if we told him no,
he'd just follow along.    

Jean Pierre Polnareff. 

Stand name: Silver Chariot. 

Ability:
Fast and precise swordsmanship! 

The honor is mine.    

-Good grie...
-Excuse me!    

Would you mind taking our picture?    

He's so cute. 

What a great excuse to talk to him. 

Thank you!    

We want our backs toward the ocean.    

Shut up already! Go bug someone else!    

Now, now, now, now...    

I'd be glad to take your picture.    

Come, come.    

You have very nice legs.    

I'll be sure to get them in the sh*t.    

Ooh, nice!    

And another just in case.    

Très bien!    

If only...    

I could take your heart
instead of your picture!    

His personality is mystifying.    

His emotions change on a dime.    

More like he's got two brains,    

and the one downstairs
suddenly started calling the sh*ts.    

Good grief.    

NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW    

Can't you do something about that uniform? 

Students should act like students. 

Bring it on! I'll take you! 

Was that a Stand user? 

If a Stand user inhales
any cigarette smoke at all... 

By the way...
Previously on
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure... 

Ms. Holly has gained
a Stand as well! 

You will never make it to Lord Dio! 

But if we fail to find Dio
within fifty days...  

Someone I know has a mark,  

a birthmark just like this
on the back of his neck...  

What?  

I've made up my mind!
I want to travel with you to Egypt!  

By going after Dio,   

I'll find the one
who took my sister's life!   

The loathsome curse of Dio... 

Even the Speedwagon Foundation's
leading physicians, 

with their cutting-edge treatments,
stand powerless before Dio's curse. 

To save Holly, 

Jojo and crew continue
on their journey to Egypt. 

With air travel
now too treacherous, 

they board a boat,
heading first to Singapore. 

It'll take three full days at sea
to get from Hong Kong to Singapore.   

Some peace and quiet
will do us all good.   

Hey, you two...   

Why don't you switch out
those uniforms for something else?   

You think you can keep up
in those things?   

Aren't you burning up?   

Well, we are students...   

And a good student
always dresses the part...   

Too much of a stretch?   

Japanese students
are such stiffs, aren't they?   

I see...
so this is what they call Bushido.   

Like they say, clear your mind,
and even flames feel cool.   

That's all well and good,
but that won't get you any girls.   

Let go! Let go of me,
you big jerk!   

-Dammit, I said get off me! Let me go!
-Shut your trap! Ya brat!   

Hey, what's going on?   

I thought we agreed there'd be
no passengers onboard but us.   

-Let go!
-Sorry, sir. It's a stowaway.   

Little brat was hiding in
one of the storage holds below.   

Stowaway?   

Come at me, then!   

I'll freakin break your balls!   

Tell that to the coast guard,
ya little sh*t.   

Huh? The cops?   

Please. Just let me go!   

I just wanted to go to Singapore
to see my dad.   

I'll do anything! You can even
put me to work for my ticket!   

Let's see. What should I do?   

Should I let you go?   

-Or turn you in?
-Please!   

What to do?   

-Ow!
-No way I'm letting you go.   

That'd be too easy.   

But first, I'm gonna let
the Captain know.   

Come wit...   

Whoa! In he goes!
That kid's got guts.   

He's trying to swim to shore?   

What should we do?   

Forget 'em.   

He wouldn't have jumped in
if he wasn't a decent swimmer.   

He's in trouble now!   

These waters are
infested with sharks!   

This isn't good!   

Hey, kid! Come back!   

Get back here! It's dangerous!   

Sharks! There are sharks out there!   

Huh?   

Good grief, c'mon you brat.   

You're...   

A girl?   

And a runty one, at that.   

How dare you
feel me up like that?   

Hands off!   

Good grief.   

Jotaro! Below you!   

Something's coming after you
from underwater!   

It's not a shark!
And it's racing towards you!   

Jotaro!
You have to get out of there now!   

Hurry! Swim to the boat!   

He's too far away.   

That distance is no problem for me.   

Hierophant Green!   

It just disappeared!
It's a Stand!   

That thing is a Stand!   

An aquatic Stand...   

In all my dealings with the occult,
I've never heard of such a thing!   

This girl...
There's no way she's the... 

Could she be that Stand's user? 

Did she try to lure Jojo
into shark-infested water? 

Geez, what's with you jerks?
Quit staring at me like that!   

I have no idea
what's going on here,   

but I'll fight you!   

Don't underestimate me, okay?
You're gonna regret this!   

One-on-one!
Come at me, I dare ya!   

Ya punks!   

She can't be serious. 

Maybe we should toss her back
into the ocean. 

Calm down. 

If she is just a stowaway,
the sharks will get her. 

We've checked out
all ten members of the crew. 

She's the only one it could be. 

Is there some way
we could be sure? 

Hey, how's that devil Dio
doing these days?    

Dio? What the hell is that?    

Don't pretend like you don't know,
you little brat!    

I warned you, punks!    

You gonna be a man and talk to me,
or do you just want to get shanked?    

Which is it, huh?    

My demon blade wants to slurp
the blood of its    th victim.    

What's so funny, stupid jerk hole?    

Jerk hole?    

I'm starting to get the feeling
she's not our Stand user.    

Yes, but who then...    

This girl our stowaway?    

Captain.    

-I'm pretty strict
-O-Ow...    

-when it comes to stowaways.
-Ow...    

You may be a girl,
but if I go easy on you,    

we'll just get
more and more stowaways.    

I think we'll lock you up
in the brig below deck    

until we make it to port.    

Captain, I'd like to
ask you something.    

You've verified the identities of
all ten of the men on board, right?    

Of course.    

They're all men who've worked
with me for over ten years.    

Can't say I understand why
that is of prime importance.    

By the way...    

I must implore you
not to smoke on deck.    

What did you plan to do
with the ashes and butt?    

Just toss them over the side
into these pristine waters?    

You may be a guest on this ship,    

but you will abide by my rules,
tough guy.    

Got it?    

Hold it, pops.    

Then why didn't you just say so?    

Don't be a condescending prick
about the whole thing, ya jackass.    

Hey, Jotaro! Don't be disrespectful
to the captain!    

You were in the wrong.    

I'll be as rude as I want.    

I figured it out.
He's not the captain...    

He's the Stand user!    

What?    

Sta...nd?    

I'm not sure I follow...    

That's inconceivable, Jotaro.    

We chose Captain Dragon
because he came recommended    

with verification
by the Speedwagon Foundation.    

He's someone we can trust.    

He absolutely can't be
a Stand user.    

Hold on, a Stand?    

I have no idea what you guys
are talking about...    

Jojo, random guesses will only
make things more confusing!    

Do you have any real proof, Jojo?    

I've found a way
to identify Stand users.    

-What?
-That is...    

When a Stand user    

takes even the slightest whiff
of cigarette smoke,    

a vein pops up
on the tip of their nose.    

What the hell are they all doing? 

You're not serious, Jotaro!    

Relax, I'm lying.    

Apparently, someone fell for it.    

Jotaro, what tipped you off
about the captain?    

Actually, I didn't have a clue.    

I'd planned to use that trick
on the whole crew.    

And I fell for it.
Hat's off to you, boy.    

You're right. I'm not the captain.    

The real captain is
sleeping with the fishes    

at the bottom of the China Sea.    

Then I guess that means
you'll be snoozing in hell!    

Damn!    

I can't move...    

Trouble on the water!
Lies and betrayal! 

The Moon card represents
the fear of the unknown. 

Its name: Dark Blue Moon! 

Five-on-one is a little tough
even for me,    

which is why I kept
my identity secret    

to pick you off one by one...    

But since you've figured me out,
I guess I have no choice.    

Five-on-one it is!    

Getting my hands on her
shows that lady luck is on my side!    

Now I think I'll take a dip
in these shark-infested waters    

with the runt.    

If you wanna save her,    

you're gonna have to
dive in after us.    

On my home turf,
I can take on all five of you.    

Go on, act tough while you
hide behind a hostage!    

It'll take a lot more than that
to shake me up!    

It's no act. It's a prediction!    

I hear your Stand,
Star Platinum, is pretty fast.    

Not trying to brag,    

but my Dark Blue Moon
is king underwater.    

It's far swifter than
any fish in the sea!    

Why don't we pit them
against each other right now?    

Come on in...if you're not afraid
of a little seawater, that is!    

He hit me before I could fall...    

That's impossible...    

You're the only one
swallowin' salt water today, pops.    

Tell 'em, Avdol.    

Your folly was trying to
out-predict a fortune teller...    

...tough break.    

STAR PLATINUM
JOTARO KUJO    

There he goes.    

For talking up his Stand so much,
that was a pretty pathetic exit.    

What's wrong, Jotaro?
Pull the girl up, would ya?    

What's wrong, Jotaro?    

Damn it...
Something's pulling me in...    

These are...    

barnacles!    

Crustaceans that live between
high and low tides!    

They stretch from
Star Platinum's arm    

all the way to
the side of the boat!    

He's still got
some fight left in him.    

He must've attached them
when I hit him before.    

They're spreading!    

He's trying to drain
my Stand's power...    

Now he's gone!    

The captain,
he's completely disappeared!    

Jotaro! Pull in your Stand!    

What do you think I'm trying to do?    

That's why I'm sweating
like a freakin pig, old man!    

-Jojo!
-Jotaro!    

Jojo!    

Crap!    

This isn't good!    

Welcome! Welcome!    

So glad you could join me
in the watery depths,    

where Dark Blue Moon rules.    

You should have never
underestimated me, brother.    

We may be underwater,
but our Stands can still talk.    

How bout you pop out another one of
those cocky one-liners like before.    

Go ahead, brother!    

So what'll it be?    

Tell me what kind of
fish dish you want to be.    

Fish paste? Or maybe some sashimi?    

I'll make one hell of a meal
out of your Stand.    

You fool...    

You act tough, brother,    

but I know what you're thinking.    

"How long can this guy
stay underwater?    

I could probably last
two minutes, tops.    

Could he last longer?"    

Well, guess what?    

My lung capacity is three times
that of a normal human!    

And I've been in training.    

My personal best is
six minutes, twelve seconds!    

You must be dizzy
just hearing that number.    

And!    

Dark Blue Moon's flippers    

slice through the water
with sharp, screw like rotations!    

But before you start
mouthing off again,    

take a good, hard look
at your Stand!    

Seems Dark Blue Moon's barnacles    

have taken a liking to
absorbing your Stand's power.    

How's it feel to have
your life energy    

slowly draining away?    

Trying to escape to the surface?    

Take a good look around you!    

Dark Blue Moon's been busy
making a whirlpool.    

Haven't you noticed, brother?    

Swim! Come on, swim!    

You're running out of air
and strength!    

But k*lling a stupid, smart-ass
punk like you right now    

would be a bit too early!    

It's been too long!
He's not coming up yet?    

A whirlpool!
It's a giant whirlpool!    

But where's Jojo?    

I'm going in!    

These are scales!    

That guy's Stand has scales
as sharp as razors!    

The whirlpool is full of them!    

He wasn't bluffing when he said
he could b*at us one-on-five.    

It's like a watery antlion pit
down there!    

If we dive in, it's very possible
we'll be sliced to pieces.    

His scales?    

Let me guess what
you're thinking now!    

"A whirlpool has
one point of calm."    

I can read you like a book!    

"It's the eye!    

If I jump into the center
where he is, I can att*ck him."    

That's what you're thinking,
isn't it?    

If you think you can hit me
with that punch of yours again,    

then come right over.    

Come at me with
your worthless Stand,    

its power is so drained,
it doesn't have a chance!    

See if you can manage an att*ck    

that's even sharper than
these underwater cutters!    

I'm waiting, brother!    

Curses...
We're completely helpless!    

It's Jojo!    

I saw Jojo in the whirlpool!    

This isn't good!
He was limp!    

Limp? He wasn't struggling at all?    

That might be a good thing.    

What?    

Weren't you going to
turn me into sashimi?    

You're the one
who's going to be sliced up!    

Star Finger!    

Wha...    

Looks like you're sashimi,
after all.    

What's that? I can't hear you.
You're gonna have to speak up!    

We're underwater!    

But your power was being drained...    

You let yourself go limp on purpose    

to concentrate your power
in your fingers...    

That's what you were thinking...    

Nope. The only thing on my mind...    

is how gross it'll be,
when I kick your stupid ass,    

and you piss yourself underwater.    

Bye, pops.    

Jojo!    

That's my grandson!    

Well done, Jotaro!
Now get up here already.    

The captain planted b*mb
on the ship!    

Damn it!    

Hurry up and get in the lifeboats!    

Send out a distress call!    

 DARK BLUE MOON
FAKE CAPTAIN DRAGON    

Have some water.    

We've sent out distress calls,
so someone should be here soon.    

What the hell is going on here?
Who are you guys?    

Just think of us
as fellow travelers.    

You're on a journey
to see your father,    

while I'm on one for my daughter.    

Hey! That's the only
fresh water we have!    

Don't spit it out!    

No...    

Everyone, look!    

NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW    

What is this boat? 

The ramp's down, so why hasn't
anyone shown their face? 

There are no signs of life. 

I'm all sticky from the salt water... 

So that's what this means... 

You think you've won...
Enyaba, I have something
I'd like to ask you.  

What does it mean to live?  

It is to obtain all that what one desires.  

If you were to distill life
into its essence,  

that is what it would be.  

A desire for riches, a desire for fame,  

for food, love, and lovers...  

But one must always fight
to obtain what one wants,  

isn't that correct, Enyaba?   

Indeed.   

And if the battle is lost,   

and one fails to obtain
what one desires most,   

the result is frustration, pain,
and a sense of failure.   

One carries the wound into the future,   

into the next fearful battle.   

I believe conquering that fear
once and for all   

is what it means to live.   

The one who stands at the pinnacle
is the one who has no fear.   

Do you understand, Enyaba?   

I was the one who told you about   

the existence of your Stand
and how to use it.   

Also you have an immortal body.   

Is there anything you could possibly fear?   

Perhaps.   

What burdens you, my lord?   

The Joestar bloodline.   

The Joestars? They worry you?
Those worms are mere trash.   

They are no match for your Stand!   

Yes...   

But I must believe it's destiny
when the lives of those worms   

are so thoroughly entangled with my own.   

Let me be clear...   

It is not the Joestars whom I fear.   

But the fact that I can never
underestimate their bloodline.   

I have decided that I must remove
the Joestars from the cogs of fate.   

You desire to go forth
and eliminate them yourself   

simply because you feel
they must not be underestimated?   

Yes.   

Foolishness!   

You must never engage
in such trivial matters!   

I have sent seven Stand users to command:   

The Empress, The Hanged Man,
Strength, The Wheel of Fortune,   

Temperance, The Emperor, and The Devil.   

All of them ready to strike!   

Thanks to them, you need not
take any action yourself, Lord Dio. 

Whoa!   

It's a freighter!   

It just appeared out of nowhere!   

Jotaro, something's bothering you,
isn't it?   

You worried another Stand user's
on this thing, too?   

Not quite.   

Strange they lowered the stairs   

but there's not a single soul
to be seen anywhere.   

The ship came all this way to rescue us!   

Some sort of crew has to be onboard!   

Well, I don't care
if they're all Stand users.   

I'm getting on this boat.   

Take my hand, kid. I'll help you up.   

Good grief.   

What's with this ship?   

There's no captain in the control room!   

No engineer in the radio room.   

There's no one anywhere!   

And yet, look at this!   

All the gauges and machinery
are working just like normal.   

Maybe they're all just in the bathroom   

with a bad case of the runs!   

Hey! Isn't anyone around?   

Guys, come quick!   

An ape!   

An ape's sitting in that cage.   

It's an orangutan.   

Who the hell cares about a friggin ape?   

Let's split up and find
whoever's been feeding this thing.   

Well?   

It doesn't appear to be broken, but...   

Avdol! That sailor! Watch out!   

Good grief.   

That isn't any way to
greet a lady, now is it?   

No one was touching the controls...   

Nobody touched the lever.   

That crane moved all by itself! I saw it!   

That crane impaled him on its own!   

Careful! Something's here.   

Hey! Don't touch the machinery!   

If it moves or runs on electricity,
don't lay a finger on it!   

If you want to live, then you'll do
exactly as I tell you.   

Get into the cabin below
until I tell you otherwise!   

Did anyone see a Stand just now?   

No...   

My apologies...   

I was closest to the crane,
yet I sensed nothing.   

All right. I'll send Hierophant
to investigate!   

I have no idea what's going on, 

but scary things keep happening
whenever you guys are around. 

Could you guys be jinxed? 

I've heard about people who cause
disasters that endanger everyone. 

If that's what you are, 

I'd better stay away. 

I can tell you one thing for certain:    

We are on your side.    

Make sure you stay with the others.
Got it?    

Okay.    

You want me to let you out?    

I can't.    

I don't know where the key is.
Plus you're too big to let out.    

You're giving me an apple?    

Strange...    

This apple's been cut with a Kn*fe,
and it hasn't gone brown yet...    

It must've just been cut.    

Hey, so there is someone
somewhere on this boat, right?    

Do you know where
the person who feeds you is?    

You sure are a smart monkey.    

A monkey like you
is actually into looking at    

pinups of girls?    

Hey, kid, be careful!    

I've heard an orangutan    

has five times the strength
of the average human.    

He could easily rip off your arm.    

Now, come with us
to the room down the hall.    

You can't be alone.    

Okay...    

It's inconceivable.    

I had Hierophant Green
scour every corner...    

yet no sign of human life.    

We searched every pipe
and crevice, but nothing!    

Anything?    

It's no use. I can't get a connection.    

Well, try again, dammit!    

Gross, I'm all sticky
from the salt water...    

 DESTRUCTIVE POWER, SPEED    

 RANGE, PERSISTENCE,
PRECISION, DEVELOPMENT POTENTIAL    

Hey!    

Jojo!    

You forgot your lock!    

Seems this ape...
isn't your run-of-the-mill monkey.    

Could he be...    

Could he have ripped out the fan?    

So this ape's a Stand user.    

But where's the Stand?    

Why can't I see it?    

What?    

The steel propeller bent on its own?    

-Jojo!    

-Hey, what's going on here?    

Son of a bitch!    

There's no Stand in sight and
somehow the window broke?    

Star Platinum!    

What's with this thing? 

The ape just sank into the wall
and disappeared! 

Hey. You saw that, right?    

Stay close to me.    

It's not safe in here.    

The ape vanished into the wall... 

But that orangutan
has to be the Stand user... 

When I touched it, 

I could feel Stand energy
emanating from him. 

But why can't I see the Stand? 

Wait... What if I'm seeing it already... 

What?    

What is this?    

Crap!    

This is...    

This freighter...    

Could this ship itself be...    

So the Stand is the freighter!    

Crap!    

All of it! Everything!    

This ship itself is just
one gigantic Stand!    

The ship?    

But non-Stand users like the girl
and sailors can see it! How?    

The Stand must use so much energy
that it's visible to the naked eye!    

But it would take
an enormous amount of power    

to control a Stand like this.    

Kakyoin!    

You have to use Hierophant Green
to let Jotaro know!    

I can't!    

It's got hold of my Stand, too.    

So this is what it means to face death.    

We're completely done for.    

It's crushing us...    

At this rate, our bodies
are going to be pulverized.    

We'll all be...    

We were careless...    

The word the orangutan
was pointing to was "strength." 

It means force, energy, power, or aid. 

And...it is the eighth card
of the Tarot deck! 

It suggests challenge,
a strong will, and hidden powers! 

Damn ape, thinks he's already won. 

"This entire ship is my Stand." 

"You've lost!" 

"And there's nothing you can do!" 

Jotaro needed no explanation. 

He knew exactly what the ape was saying! 

That button's not your Stand.    

Does that upset you?    

I guess it wounded your pride,    

since you thought you'd already won.    

Nah, it's not hurt at all...    

Cause ape's like you've got no pride!    

That's exactly what makes you
an ape and not a man.    

What's going to hurt now...    

is your head!    

Good grief.    

I've heard frightened animals
expose their bellies    

as a display of submission.    

Are you asking me to forgive you?    

I'm afraid your actions have
overstepped the laws of the jungle.    

So I don't think so.    

It's all deformed...
The whole ship is twisting up!    

Hey, save it, will ya?    

This ship's going down.    

It's time to go.
Get back to the life boats!    

I can't believe it.    

The ship's totally changing.    

It's turning into a shabby little boat...    

What terrifying power...    

That ape was traveling
the ocean on its own Stand.    

Never before have I witnessed such energy.    

We were completely helpless.    

If Jotaro hadn't figured it out,
we would've been done for.    

I hate to think this power and
ferocity could be a sign    

of things to come.    

Hey, you want some gum?    

So we're lost at sea again.    

Good grief. This cig is soaked.    

We'll have plenty of time
for them to dry, Jojo.    

Just have to pray we get rescued
and taken to Singapore.    

It's been four days since we left Japan... 

There are    days left until
time runs out for the Joestars. 

 STRENGTH
FOREVER    

It appears Strength has been defeated.    

But have no fear.    

The remaining six Stand users
are all very powerful.    

And one of them is my own!    

My son's right hand
will crush our enemies!    

You are a strange old woman.    

What is it that you desire most?    

Oh, but I've told you many times...    

My only wish is to stay by your side.    

Your guardian spirit
has unbelievable power.    

Your ability to escape trouble,
and your strange life,    

are the result of that.    

I would like to see your life unfold!    

It's the only thing I want...    

Once upon a time, there was
a prince from the land of Sumatra 

who traveled the seas, seeking new lands. 

Eventually, he happened upon an island 

inhabited by white-manned lions
called Singas, 

an island he named Singa Pura. 

Today, its straits bustle
with ships and t*nk 

from around the world! 

This nation that shares both
Western and Eastern heritage 

thanks to free trade is Singapore! 

Good grief. We finally made it.    

We'll stay at a hotel tonight
and figure out our route to Egypt.    

All right, let's stay at that one.    

I guess you guys won't even
give us a chance to rest. 

She'll be in danger if she stays with us. 

And Polnareff fell into that trap? 

-There...
-...is... 

-...a...
-...traitor. 

Joestar, you bastard.
Hey, you!  

Yeah, you with the flat top!  

Yeah, you! You threw this trash,
didn't you?  

That's a five-hundred
Singapore dollar fine!  

What? Five hundred?  

Here in Singapore,  

 the law prohibits littering and
fines all violators for doing so!  

Five hundred Singapore dollars...  

That's about forty thousand yen.   

Trash?   

Got it?   

Trash?   

What are you talking about, sir?   

All I see on the ground here
is my own luggage.   

Would you be so kind as to tell me   

what trash you're referring to, officer?   

You sure you see some trash?   

You mean, that bag's your luggage?   

Yeah, you got it.   

I'm terribly sorry.   

Well, I'll be going, then...   

Shoo, shoo.   

What's up with this kid?
She's back with us again?   

Hey, weren't you going
to go see your father?   

Stop hanging around and get going. Shoo!   

I'm meeting him in five days.   

And I can go wherever the hell I want!   

I'm not taking orders from you, jerks.   

It's not safe for a little girl
to accompany us.   

Well maybe she lacks the cash
for a place to stay.   

Then that's it...   

We'll have to get her a room.   

Hey, Polnareff,   

get her to come with us,
and try not to bruise her ego.   

You got it.   

Hey!   

You're stinkin' poor, aren't you?   

Consider this your lucky day, freeloader.   

Well, let's check in...   

Right...   

I'm terribly sorry, sir,   

but we tend to be booked
this time of year.   

The rooms we have available
are located on different floors.   

Is that all right, sir?   

Well, I guess we're stuck.   

Then for the rooms...   

Avdol and I will share a room...   

It'd make sense for
Jotaro and I to share a room,   

since we're both students.   

Then that leaves the last room
to Polnareff and...   

You're kidding!
Like I'd room with that guy!   

What?   

Well, she may be a child,   

but let's give the young lady
her own room...   

We'll take four rooms please.   

Yes, of course!   

Fine, I can relax more
in my own room anyway!   

I'm gonna sleep like a baby tonight!   

Let's go.   

We've been through all kinds of hell   

ever since we left Hong Kong.   

We should hurry up and take a shower   

in a place where it's actually safe.   

See ya!   

I should've guessed.   

Couldn't you guys at least
give us a chance to rest?   

Come out.   

 EPISODE EIGHT: THE DEVIL   

That's some insanely intense
bloodlust you've got there.   

How about telling me your name,
before I, Polnareff, take you out.   

My name is Soul Sacrifice,   

and my Stand is the card of the Devil.   

It represents insanity of the cursed, 

and a precipitous and malevolent
fall into ruin. 

But tell me, how did you know
I was hiding in the fridge?   

You... Dumbass bastard!   

You took everything out of the fridge   

and didn't bother putting any of it away!   

Ebony Devil!   

Silver Chariot!   

Wow, you're really pathetic, aren't you?   

That ape on the boat   

was a far more powerful and
terrifying Stand user than you.   

Now look at what you've done, Polnareff!   

How dare you do this to me?   

It hurts!   

It really hurts!   

What the hell?   

The pain!   

Curse you...   

How dare you? How dare you do this to me?   

Now I can hold one hell of
a grudge against you!   

Such t*rture...
Such agony must be avenged!   

I let you find me and
att*ck me on purpose!   

He's...   

He's gone?   

What the hell is going on?   

This is unreal! When did he cut me?   

I don't think I...
No, I know I didn't feel a thing.    

Mr. Joestar! A Stand user
was hiding in my room!    

Wait, is that you, Avdol?    

Anyway, listen up!
I can't figure this guy out.    

I couldn't tell
if he was weak or strong...    

He's really creepy!    

And he got away... Damn it, what the hell?    

You'd better watch out!    

Somehow he was able to slice open my leg.    

The Devil card? Soul Sacrifice...    

Are you absolutely certain
that's what he said?    

Yeah. I'm racking my brain,
I just don't see how it's possible.    

I did catch a glimpse of his Stand.    

And yet, he was in no position
to att*ck me    

when my leg was gouged.    

Anyway!    

I should be there in five.    

You're in room twelve-twelve, aren't you?    

On the twelfth floor?    

Get Kakyoin and Jotaro, too,
will ya? Later!    

Front desk. 

Hello? Room service?    

I hurt my leg a bit...    

Could you send up
some medicine and bandages?    

This is Polnareff, from room nine-twelve.    

Certainly.
We'll bring it up immediately, sir. 

Aw, geez...    

No matter how you cut it,    

dirty underwear makes for
a really shitty band-aid.    

Damn it...    

So, I was wondering, do you know
about this guy who att*cked, Avdol?    

Indeed.    

He is Soul Sacrifice.    

A Native American shaman
who works as an assassin for hire.    

He's a terrifying Stand user.    

Mafias, militaries, politicians...    

lowlifes the world over hire him.    

I've seen his face only once.    

And it was covered in scars!    

Scars he receives by cunningly
provoking his enemy to att*ck.    

That's how he gains
the "power of vengeance"    

he uses to control his Stand.    

That's why, to ordinary people,    

it appears that a curse
k*lled the victims. 

So Polnareff has fallen into his trap?    

I am very worried.    

What kind of Stand is it?    

No one knows for certain.    

Those who've seen it are dead.    

It's too dangerous for
Polnareff to be alone.    

Or any of us.    

You're telling me this guy and his curse    

have the power to k*ll us, one by one...    

He'll be here in five minutes.    

Let's all meet up in this room.    

Got it. We'll see you in
room twelve-twelve soon, old man.    

What was that all about, Jojo?    

Let's go. Apparently we're in danger.    

Now that's odd. I can't find my room key.    

I could have sworn I set it here...    

Damn it! Where is it?    

Now how in the hell
am I going to get back in here?    

Could I tell the front desk
and ask for a new one?    

There's probably a fine for that.    

There it is.    

Must've fallen during all the commotion.    

Wha...    

What?    

What's...    

What the hell, shampoo? Damn it! My eyes!    

Who's there?    

Crap, this isn't good! 

I'm a sitting duck under here! 

Mr. Polnareff, this is room service.    

I've brought you a first aid kit.    

Get out of here! You'll be k*lled!    

Huh? What in the world is going on here?    

Get out of here!    

I told you, you'll get yourself k*lled!    

How dare you?    

How dare you s*ab one of my eyes out,    

Polnareff?    

A doll? What kind of...    

Silver Chariot!    

Are you stupid?    

Your Stand can't fight what you can't see!    

 EBONY DEVIL
SOUL SACRIFICE    

Oh, Jojo.    

Did you need something?    

So you are here.    

Listen up.
You need to stay put for a while.    

Huh?    

I'll come for you later.    

Don't open the door for any strangers.    

Okay...    

Damn it! 

How heavy is this bed, anyway? 

It's gotta be at least
a hundred twenty kilograms... 

I've got to use Silver Chariot's sword 

to cut through this cord... 

You little bastard!    

As soon as I stop attacking, this happens. 

You better believe I'm gonna
keep blindly stabbing 

every centimeter of this room! 

You suck!    

Looks like the big, scary knight    

can't even pin the tail on
the donkey when he's blindfolded!    

Those senses of yours...    

are as dull as a butterknife!    

Bastard...    

I've just about had it with you...    

You little runt!    

It's just you two?    

Why isn't the girl with you?    

Well, we went to check on her...    

She's not a Stand user;    

Bringing her here would only
place her in more danger.    

Suppose you're right.
So that leaves Polnareff.    

But man, he's so late...    

It's been way over five minutes.    

Let me out of here!    

Gotcha!    

Time to snap your spear in half.    

All right. Damn it... 

At least I'm finally free
of those cords... 

I've got to get Chariot under the bed 

and get the hell out of here. 

Now what's he doing?    

Huh?    

Hey, Polnareff!    

How'd you like it if I took
a bite out of your balls?    

What an obscene little jerk.    

Chariot!    

Whoa, there.    

Now to hide where he can't see me!    

You numbskull!    

Give that floor you're stuck to
a good feel!    

This is...    

You're soaked in beer, juice, and alcohol!    

I just put that well-stocked bar
to good use!    

And if I had piss in me,    

I would've soaked you with that too!    

And now... what do you think I'm gonna do    

with this hair dryer
and your soggy self, Polnareff?    

I'm not gonna dry you off!    

Die!    

Time to put an end to this curse...    

Polnareff!    

You're not the only one
who can break stuff!    

How did you know precisely where I was?    

I was on top of the bed!    

I broke the mirror!    

So I could see you hanging over the bed    

clear as day from down here.    

At last, we meet.    

Whoa, there.    

Hey, Soul Sacrifice.    

I have a question.    

I seek a man with two right hands.    

How about you tell me
who that guy's Stand is?    

You idiot!    

No assassin worth a damn would
ever reveal his Stand's identity!    

It only happens in the face
of certain death,    

for him or his opponent!    

To know a man's Stand,
is to know his weakness!    

Only you guys are dumb enough to do that!    

If it wasn't for that mirror,
I would've taken you out!    

All right. Come at me then!    

What's the matter?    

Didn't you say you were going to
bite off my balls or something?    

Just try it, you vulgar little sh*t!    

I'm gonna...    

slice up everything except your balls!    

Um, sir...    

It seems you've been in
the bathroom for quite some time.    

Are you all right?    

 SOUL SACRIFICE'S...    

 SOUL SACRIFICE'S... LAST MOMENTS    

 Polnareff, you're finally here.    

You're not terribly punctual.    

Okay, everyone, let's get right to it.    

Let's come up with a plan
in case Soul Sacrifice att*cks.    

I'm b*at...    

 SILVER CHARIOT
JEAN PIERRE POLNAREFF    

Answer me!    

Why was there a dead boy's body
in your room?    

And what about the dead body
in the bathroom...    

The two are connected, aren't they?    

Answer me!    

I have the right to remain silent.    

So you finally decided to show up!
I've been waiting.    

I had the Speedwagon Foundation
strike a deal.    

 Polnareff should be released soon enough.    

 But that was cutting it close.    

 To think that the enemy's pursuit
would come so early on...    

 As long as Dio is using
Jonathan Joestar's body as his own,    

 he'll be able to track Jotaro and me.    

 He won't leave us any time to rest.    

 But we can read his thoughts
just as he reads ours.    

 Shall I go buy a camera?    

 That won't be necessary.    

 I can use my powers    

even without a camera.    

What?    

Michael's still not here? Where's Michael? 

This week's number three jumps up
five points from last week... 

Gold prices have... 

You look delicious, meow. 

What? 

The channels are changing
as if the tv has a mind of its own!    

It's looking for the right words
among the channels    

to create a message...    

for the ear, not the eye.    

There... 

...is... 

...a... 

There! It said, "There is a"!    

...trai... 

...tor... 

...among... 

...us... 

What? What did it just...    

I could be wrong, but I think it said,    

"There is a traitor among us..."    

-Ka...
-...kyo... 

-...in...
-...Beware... 

-...of...
-...him... 

-Di...
-...o's... 

-...ser...
-...va... 

-...nt... 

Kakyoin? What?    

Impossible. Kakyoin is Dio's servant?    

This is...    

Joseph Joestar,
you're watching me, aren't you? 

Dio!    

He found us! Look out!    

But that can't be true, can it?    

You know as well as I do.    

Hermit Purple says
Kakyoin is working with Dio    

and betraying us.    

It can't be!    

I still trust Kakyoin.    

There must be a reason behind this.    

But if he is indeed connected to Dio,    

he could exterminate us
in our sleep, at any moment.    

He'd be Dio's very own Trojan Horse!    

So then where is Kakyoin? 

He's with Jotaro. 

Hey, Jotaro. 

Are you going to eat that cherry? 

Hey, what are you doing, Kakyoin?
They'll die! 

Could he really be a traitor? 

A back-breaker? Such a drastic move! 

This is unforgivable, isn't it?
Previously on Jojo's Bizarre Adventure... 

-Ka...
-...kyo... 

-...in...
-...Beware... 

-...of...
-...him... 

-Di...
-...o's... 

-...ser...
-...va... 

...nt... 

Dio!  

So then where is Kakyoin?   

He's with Jotaro. 

Could I get some ice cream, please?   

Welcome.   

Heya, miss. Ice cream is good,
but this baby here...   

chilled coconut juice,
nothing in the world like it.   

How bout it?   

I guess we can try it.   

Three then.   

Thankya much. That'll be twelve dollars.   

Hey, make it six dollars! Six dollars!   

This should cover it.   

Okay.   

Enjoy!   

I'll take that!   

So you...   

Thought you could just grab my wallet,   

you disgusting piece of sh*t!   

Huh?   

I'll have you spewing blood!   

Kakyoin!   

Why, you...   

vile little cockroach d*ck,   

how dare you touch my wallet...   

with the same grimy fingers
that wipe that filthy ass!   

I can't let you get away
with that, now can I?   

Come on! Come on! Come on!   

Hey! What are you doing, Kakyoin?   

You'll k*ll the bastard.   

Oh my God, a back-breaker?   

Such a brutal move!   

And he's using such filthy language...   

It's not like him at all.   

Come on! Come on! Come on!   

Kakyoin!   

I told you to cut it out!
What are you, deaf?   

Dammit, Kakyoin.   

You're not right.   

What the hell's gotten into you?   

That hurt...   

No need to push...   

That man tried to steal my wallet.
He committed a crime.   

And criminals should be punished.   

Tell me, am I wrong, Jotaro?   

This guy... 

 What are you glaring at?   

 The look in your eyes
is awfully hostile, Jotaro.   

You couldn't possibly be thinking
about ending our friendship   

over a little tussle with a thief,
now would you?   

Look, a beetle.   

-That's awesome!
-A beetle? Where?   

-There're four of them up there.
-I see them!   

-There're four of them up there.
-So cool!   

You're making way too much
out of this, Jojo.   

I'm just having a bad day.   

I'm so exhausted from the trip,
it's put me in such a bad mood.   

Just a bad mood, huh?   

Seemed to me you felt pretty good.   

The old man and Avdol   

think it's a good idea
for us to head to India by train.   

We leave tomorrow.   

We'll take the cable car   

to Singapore Station to reserve tickets.   

Mr. Kakyoin...   

Jojo's already gone.   

Right. I'll catch up in just a second.   

I guess you like coconut juice
a whole lot, huh, Mr. Kakyoin?   

Huh?   

Was that a beet... 

No. I must be imagining things. 

It must have been a piece of
coconut or something. 

Oh yes. I do love coconuts.   

What's up, half pint?   

Uh, nothing.   

Hey, Jotaro.   

Are you going to eat that cherry?   

If not, then hand it over already.   

I'm starving.   

Uh-oh! Better watch out, Jotaro!   

Jojo!   

Good one, huh?   

I'm only playing with you,
good ol' Jotaro.   

Kakyoin... It's like
he's a totally different person! 

That look again!   

What's with all this hardcore glaring,   

Jotaro, old pal?   

Get in, Kakyoin.   

The cable car just got here.   

Now I told you to get in.   

See, I've got your ticket right here.   

I'm gonna knock
your crooked, possessed ass    

right into that cable car!    

What?    

You're a bit off.    

"Possessed" isn't quite the word.    

This isn't Kakyoin!    

You still haven't realized
my body's been growing    

this whole time, have you?    

All right, who are you?    

Is he a Stand? 

But I was able to touch him just now... 

Unless he's a Stand
I can strike with my own fists? 

Jojo!    

I can merge with
any organic matter I consume.    

I'm a Stand anyone can see and touch.    

I'm Yellow Temperance,
of the Temperance card.    

Gaze upon my handsome face with envy!    

Come on, Jotaro, old pal!    

Take a look at your hand.    

See that little bit of me?
It latched on when you hit me.    

But I'm warning you:    

Touch it, and it'll go after
your left hand, too.    

You should save your left hand
for picking your nose!    

This Stand is a slow eater...    

And the more it eats, the bigger it gets.    

You'll never get it off!    

Damn you...    

Oraa!    

What do you mean, "oraa"?    

When I digest you,    

I'll shove your own crap
down your measly throat!    

This stuff burns.    

You bastard...    

Hey, is this Jojo's grandpa?
He's in big trouble!    

Anne? What's wrong?    

It's Mr. Kakyoin... 

Kakyoin?    

So he has betrayed us?    

Mr. Kakyoin's face split open!    

But Mr. Kakyoin wasn't Mr. Kakyoin! 

And... 

Jojo got att*cked by
some weird slime on the cable car,    

and it's eating his finger!    

Calm down! Where are you right now?    

The boarding area for
the cable cars at the trade center!    

He's being att*cked!    

Mr. Kakyoin is attacking Jojo!    

Hurry and come back to the hotel...    

Did someone say my name just now?    

Where have you been?    

Jojo left me behind,
so I was sunbathing by the pool.    

With your uniform on?    

Yes, why not?    

It's all right.
We have the real one here with us!    

Anne, that means your Kakyoin is...    

a fake! 

I've been telling you that!    

Jojo!    

Jojo just jumped out of the cable car!    

STAR PLATINUM
JOTARO KUJO    

Good grief.    

A Stand that fuses with flesh? 

It's devouring my finger... 

But first things first,
I've gotta get this thing off me. 

Worst case,
I might have to chop off my finger. 

Think you got away?    

Sorry to burst your bubble, pal.    

Now dig that earwax out of
your ears and listen up, hotshot!    

My Stand, Yellow Temperance,
has no weaknesses.    

You didn't escape.    

I just have no need to chase you!    

You're as good as dead!    

This'll hurt like a sonf a bitch,
but it's time to torch it off.    

This...    

It only made it grow!    

That was a bad idea...    

Damn.    

Pardon the intrusion.    

My, my. That's certainly
a bizarre entrance.    

Don't mind me.    

Hey, there kid.    

I'm gonna need to borrow
your popsicle for a sec.    

Excuse me, young man!    

What do you think you're doing
with that child?    

This your kid?    

No, he's not, but...    

Then shut up and enjoy the ride.    

Sorry, kid.    

When we get to the bottom,
I'll buy you a new one, okay?    

'Kay.    

If I can't burn it off...    

That bastard!    

Now it's forming needles and
digging deeper into my hand!    

Come now! Nothing will work,
not even fire and ice!    

I told you, before, didn't I?
You won't find a single weakness.    

You're mine, you little sh*t!    

You're...    

Papa! The puppy! It got our puppy!    

Bastard! You were waiting for me
in this cable car, weren't you?    

M-My precious Pocky!    

Watch out! Don't pull him!    

Let go!    

I've come to put an end to you...    

Jotaro, old pal!    

Oraa!    

Pretty fast! But...    

I keep telling you,
I don't have any weaknesses!    

Are you even listening?    

You dumbass redneck!    

My Stand is armor
that can also absorb power.    

A defensive wall that can also att*ck!    

No matter how fast or
how strong you may be,    

against Yellow Temperance,
you are helpless!    

You can't defeat me!    

You can't survive unless, of course,    

you take a cleaver to your right hand!    

Do you understand?    

You have no way of winning!    

You're not getting out of this!    

Not until you're digested!
I'll eat you up!    

Good grief.    

You're right, you really
have no weaknesses.    

Maybe you are the world's strongest,    

and that's terrifying.    

But I'll tell ya, we Kujo's...    

No, I mean, we Joestar's...    

we use strategy to fight our way
past any obstacle.    

I still have one strategy left.    

What?    

And that's to...    

And that's to... 

...run away!    

What the hell?    

You're in the middle of being
eaten alive, you dumbass!    

My Stand's got a hold of you
that you can't escape,    

and you say you'll run away?    

When I said run away...    

I meant into the water!    

I can't breathe...    

You let your Stand's guard down
to take a breath, didn't you?    

Your Stand may be invincible,    

but if I butcher you,
your Stand dies, too.    

Do you understand?    

Listen, I've had it up to here with
that cocky-ass mouth of yours.    

You should know,    

I'm the kind of guy who
takes these things to heart.    

Oraa!    

Please, stop...    

I can't fight anymore, I'm through!    

My nose is completely shattered.    

They're going to have to
wire my jaw shut, too.    

Dio paid me to do this.    

I didn't plan on risking my life
to go after you guys.    

There! See?    

I want something from you.    

The other Stand users,
I want all the info you got.    

That's the one thing I can't talk about.    

I do have some pride, you know.    

I can't rat them out...    

Well, okay then. That's honorable.    

Oh, I remember now!    

Death, The Empress, The Hanged Man,
and The Emperor are after you!    

So, what can they do?    

I don't know.    

No, honest! I really don't know!    

Stand users never reveal
their abilities to each other.    

If they did, they'd be exposing
their weaknesses outright.    

But I do know that some witch
taught Dio about Stands...    

Her son is one of the four
coming after you.    

His name is Centerfold. 

He's unmistakable because
he has two right hands. 

And his card is The Hanged Man. 

He's the one who k*lled
Polnareff's sister, right?    

I've heard the occasional rumor
about his powers...    

A mirror. Apparently, he uses a mirror.    

I haven't actually seen it,    

but Polnareff has no chance of winning.    

He's dead meat.    

I just noticed something, Jotaro...    

Looks like I've still got
some luck on my side.    

See that drain over there?    

The one with all the blue crawdads?    

Take a real good look.    

A manhole... 

That teeny little drain    

is hooked into
this manhole right beside me!    

I'm gonna pull you in and trap you!    

Now you can't att*ck me!    

I guess what I told you about
the man with two right hands    

will go to waste.    

Jotaro Kujo!    

Aren't I lucky to have
this drain pipe to slurp you into...    

Man, am I lucky!    

Time to power up with some crustaceans!    

I'll mash you up    

and turn you into jelly!    

And when I do, Dio's gonna give me
a hundred million dollars.    

A few minutes of brawling with you,
and I will be set for life!    

Aren't I lucky,
you ball-less little buttmunch!    

Good grief.    

When you're focused on everything else,    

it's difficult to observe yourself.    

You just don't get it.
Your luck finally ran out.    

Before, you got away
with only a broken nose.    

Now you'll be lucky if you have
any bones left to break!    

He punched me with water...
from inside the drain?    

I was only kidding around, Mr. Jotaro!    

I swear, I was just messing with ya!    

Just a little prank.    

Come on, don't tell me
you took that to heart?    

You're not thinking of punching me
any more, are you?    

I'm seriously injured here...    

My nose is broken and my jaw's
gonna have to be wired shut...    

I've got nothing left to say to you.    

You're way too pathetic    

I'm done wasting my breath.    

 YELLOW TEMPERANCE
RUBBER SOUL    

Good grief.    

So we're finally on our way to India.    

And the man with two right hands
is called Centerfold...    

By the way, where did Anne run off to?    

She was hanging around Singapore Station    

right before our train departed, but...    

I'm sure it was time for her
to meet her father.    

That story about her dad
sounded real fishy to me.    

I bet she's a runaway!    

But it is a bit lonely without
that little rugrat, right, Jojo?    

It's eerie...    

To think, a Stand could
disguise himself as me.    

Seems he had already turned into
you by the time I left the hotel.    

Jojo, are you going to eat that cherry?    

Not to be greedy,
but they are my favorite.    

Could I have one?    

Yeah, sure.    

Thank you.    

Hey, look, Jojo. Flamingos in flight.    

Oh, good grief.    

Jojo...    

My wallet's already been stolen! 

No, thank you! 

Tip! 

If you don't give me a tip,
you won't go to heaven, Mister. 

Hey! Don't put your nose on it! 

Avdol! Is this India? 

Yes! Isn't it a great country?
Tokyo, Hong Kong, Singapore... 

So the Indian leg of our journey
is finally upon us... 

But, well, I'm a little worried.  

I've always heard India
is the land of curry  

and rampant disease.  

I'm worried my stomach won't
be able to handle the culture gap.  

That assessment is rather distorted.  

You needn't worry.  

It is a beautiful country
with wonderful people.   

That I assure you.   

Well, this is Calcutta. Let's get going.   

Hey, give me a tip!   

Let me carry that for you!   

Want a tattoo? You're very pretty.   

Need some anti-venom?
It won't hurt your stomach.   

Let me show you my hotel!   

Calcutta, India. 

In the   th century,
its population reached    million. 

Calcutta buzzes with a bustling energy 

that will pull you in
and never let you go! 

-I stepped in a pile of cow sh*t!
-I don't need any.   

-Damn it!
-I don't need any.   

-Somebody's already stolen my wallet!
-Seriously, thank you, but no!   

Tip! Tip! Tip!   

If you don't give me a tip,
you won't go to heaven, sir.   

Hey! Don't rub your nose
all over my stuff!   

Avdol! So this is India?   

See? Great country, isn't it?   

They're what make India great,
don't you think?   

 EPISODE TEN: THE EMPEROR
AND THE HANGED MAN, PART ONE   

Here, try this.   

This is chai.   

I think you'll find it to your liking.   

Chai. 

One of India's most popular drinks. 

A sweet concoction of 

black tea, sugar, ginger, and milk. 

At last, a little peace.   

Be patient with India.   

Once you get used to it, you'll see
how wonderful this country is.   

You know, I kinda like this place.
It's pretty cool.   

What, Jotaro? You can't be serious?   

Talk about culture shock.   

Guess I'll like it
once I get used to it, huh?   

Well, I suppose people adapt to
their surroundings eventually.   

Where's the john?   

Right over there, sir.   

Polnareff.   

Yeah?   

What do you want to eat?   

Pick for me.   

It'd better be something amazing.   

Something gorgeous and sophisticated   

that suits a Frenchman like moi.   

Which means it doesn't matter.   

Let's see, something he'll like...   

Excuse me.   

Pardon me, sir, one moment...   

Huh?   

If you could please use this.   

What's this wooden stick for?   

Hey.   

That's a weird looking toilet,
but at least it's clean.   

A gentleman like myself simply
cannot tolerate a dirty bathroom.   

Sir, is something wrong?   

Don't "Is something wrong?" me!   

The toilet...   

The toilet...   

There's a pig in the toilet!   

This kind of toilet is rare even in India.   

The builders constructed
the pig pen down below   

higher than they were supposed to.   

So when the pigs gets hungry,
they come up for more.   

That's not what I'm aski...   

No, wait, what?   

You're telling me this pig's food is...   

That's what it's there for?   

As I mentioned, sir, use this.   

Here...   

See? Now you can do your business
while the pig's knocked down.   

Our manager gets the pig
to lick his buttocks   

and always sings his praises.   

He gets it so clean.   

Please, take your time.   

Wait! Don't leave me in here alone!   

I don't think I could ever
get used to this... 

Guess I'll hold it
till we get to the hotel.   

Sorry to keep you waiting.   

Crap.   

Where is he?   

Weird... I could've sworn
I saw someone out there.   

Must've been my imagination.   

Guess I shouldn't be surprised.   

I mean, I did just see a pig in the john.   

Of course I'd imagine
a monster in the window.   

So this is what they mean
by culture shock here.   

What?   

What the hell?   

I can see this damn thing
only in the mirror!    

This must be the mirror Stand
Jotaro was talking about.    

This is not good.    

This is so not good!    

Silver Chariot!    

Where'd that bastard go?    

Damn it!    

Stand!    

Where's the user? Who is it?    

The man with two right hands...    

Too many people...    

Damn it!    

What's wrong, Polnareff?    

What is this about?    

If that...    

If that was a Stand, then that means...    

Then that means he's here!    

Jotaro! It's the Stand user
you heard about—    

the one who uses the mirrors!    

The bastard who k*lled my sister!    

The scum who heartlessly trampled 

my sister's life, soul, and dignity. 

Finally... Finally we meet!    

Are you sure it's him?    

Mr. Joestar, I'll be traveling
on my own from here on out.    

What?    

With my sister's m*rder
finally within reach,    

I'll be damned if I'm going to
wait for him to come after me.    

It would put me at a disadvantage,
and that's just not my style.    

I'll find him first and k*ll him!    

But we don't even know what he looks like,    

or what his Stand is.    

He's got two right hands,
that's enough for me!    

And he knows I'm after him,    

so he'll be on the defensive.    

See ya.    

Tough talk from a man
who's digging his own grave.    

And that means?    

Just as it sounds, my friend.    

Are you trying to say I can't win?    

Yes.    

Can't you see?
The enemy att*cked to isolate you!    

I won't let you go it alone, Polnareff.    

Listen. Let me make one thing clear:    

I never once gave a damn about Dio.    

I told you in Hong Kong I'd tag along
so I could get my revenge.    

Mr. Joestar and Jotaro already know this.    

I've been alone from the start!    

I've always been fighting alone!    

You selfish fool!    

Did you forget that Dio brainwashed you?    

Did you forget that
he's the root of all this?    

You have no idea how it feels
to have your sister m*rder!    

I heard the last time you met Dio,    

you ran like a dog with
his tail between his legs!    

A coward like you would never
understand why I need to do this!    

What did you say?    

Don't touch me.    

You got lucky that day
you b*at me in Hong Kong.    

Enough with this lecturing!    

How dare you...    

Oh, did that offend you?    

Don't forget...    

I'm a hell of a lot more pissed off
than you right now!    

You can just keep being yourself,    

with your holier
than thou attitude, Avdol.    

Why, you!    

Mr. Joestar!    

That's enough. Just let him go.    

No one can stop him now.    

I've lost all respect for him, that's all.    

My impression of him was completely wrong.    

I did indeed run in fear from him.    

But I'm certain that foresight
will let us win.    

Rushing in without thinking
will get us all k*lled.    

Oh?    

Then I'll say this with certainty, too.    

Your little divination will be wrong.    

Time to get off.    

I'm here to see a friend of mine.    

You're on your own from here.    

Please, make me your wife.    

My life will belong to you.    

Just say whatever you wish of me, my love.    

Please, let me stay by your side forever.    

Baby, don't be stupid.
You're still sixteen.    

I'm old enough to marry.    

I love you.    

Listen. I'm just a no-good drifter, baby.    

I live each day like it's my last,
and one day, it will be my last.    

You have royal blood.    

We can't have a fairy-tale marriage.    

No matter how much we love each other.    

Really?    

So you do love me?    

Yep. You're my one and only, hun.    

That's exactly why...    

It's 'cause I love you
that we can't marry.    

You understand, don't you?    

This breaks my heart just as
much as it breaks yours.    

But I'll come back to see you and
hold you like this whenever I can.    

That's enough to make me happy.    

Yes...    

So long. Love ya, darling.    

You know, it's bad manners to eavesdrop.    

You think I spend too much time
on romance, don't ya?    

When you've got girls like her all
over the world at your beck and call...    

you've always got a partner, an ally.    

They'd do anything for me,
even throw away their own lives.    

You are aware of how I work, aren't you,    

Mr. Centerfold?    

By the way, about this Polnareff
of the Silver Chariot.    

Seems he left the group and
is looking for you on his own.    

What do you wanna do?    

He totally fell for your plan,
hook, line, and sinker.    

Shall we go and k*ll him first?    

Let's go.    

Between your Hanged Man and my Emperor,    

I have no doubt we can k*ll 'em all.    

HANGED MAN
CENTERFOLD    

So he really did leave us after all.    

What?    

You've seen him?    

You sure you saw a man
with two right hands?    

Where?    

Huh?    

I don't understand. He was right there.    

What?    

There, he was with that man in the street.    

The g*n is mightier than the sword.    

Not bad, if I do say so myself.    

Who the hell are you?    

Hol Horse. That's what they call me.    

I'm a Stand user,
and my card is the Emperor.    

I've been paid good money
by Dio to rub you guys out.    

Look here, cowboy, I don't give
a rat's ass who you say you are.    

Where's the man with two right hands?    

That was rude.
You asked who I am, so I answered.    

Well, whatever.    

I came here with that guy.    

He's nearby.    

What?    

Where is he?    

 There's really no point
in your asking that.    

 I, Hol Horse, will have
the pleasure of snuffing you out.    

 Morons like you always talk trash,    

 and it always ends up
the other way around.    

 Oh? Was that funny?    

 Lord Dio had you pegged:    

 "Polnareff has the fatal habit of
underestimating his opponents.    

 b*ating him into a corpse
won't be any trouble for you."    

He was exactly right,
so I couldn't help but laugh.    

If I have to take you out to get to him,    

then that's exactly what I'll do.    

Bring it.    

Ever heard of m*llitary chess?    

The t*nk is stronger than the soldier,    

and t*nk are weak against mines.    

See, it's pretty much
the basics of battle.    

 My Emperor is stronger than you,
so I thought I'd be a gentleman.    

 I'll fill you in on my Stand's
abilities before we fight.    

 The g*n is mightier than the sword.    

Such a brilliant quote.    

What are you trying to say, exactly?    

That I have a Stand that sh**t.    

And a sword simply can't b*at that.    

So, what? A pea sh**t?    

-Prepare to die!
-Prepare to die!    

You underestimated me, Polnareff!    

And now, you're dead!    

If I take off my armor... 

I can knock down a b*llet! 

What? 

That's impossible! It bypassed my sword! 

Oh crap! 

The b*llet is also my Stand. 

And that cocky attitude
just cost you your life! 

Polnareff!    

Wha... Avdol!    

I came here because
I was worried about you,    

and what do I find?    

Your ego will be
the end of you, Polnareff.    

You were worried about me?    

Damn you!
You came here to lecture me again?    

The enemy already knows
everything about you!    

You said you're a loner,    

but from now on,
you can't win on your own!    

What bad timing for
an outsider to interfere.    

Out of the way, Polnareff!
The b*llet's coming back!    

Magician's Red!    

I'll melt it down!    

Damn that Avdol!
He went after Polnareff himself. 

Where are you, Mr. Avdol? Polnareff? 

I have a terrible feeling... 

Hey, there's a weird fight
going on over there.    

The puddle...    

What?    

Mr. Avdol!    

Man, today must be my day.    

My g*n and Centerfold's mirror
are weak against Aldol's fire    

I figured Avdol would be
the toughest one to k*ll.    

Talk about luck!    

Looks like no more threats
in this game of m*llitary chess!    

Mr. Avdol!    

He's just hurt... 

It's just a minor wound. 

See? He's going to start speaking... 

He'll open his eyes in a moment. 

Right, Mr. Avdol? 

You're going to wake up, right? 

Mr. Avdol, you gotta wake up!    

Please! Mr. Avdol!    

That seemed awfully easy.    

It was too quick!    

That's what he gets for lecturing people.    

Look at him now.    

What did you say, Polnareff?    

Mr. Avdol was worried about you!    

Who asked him for help?    

 He likes to meddle
in other people's business,    

 but he's slow as hell, so they got him.    

Guys like him just get in the way...    

That's why I said I was going it alone.    

You bastard...    

He saved your life. How dare you...    

I am sick of it!    

Having people up and die on me...    

Polnareff...    

I'm so sick of it, you hear me!    

He's got a bold face,
and yet he d*ed so easily. 

Come to think of it,
she was really good at sobbing... 

Your sister, that is. 

Are you telling me to hold back? 

Don't fall for the enemy's provocation! 

Mr. Avdol told you
not to fight by yourself!
For such a tough guy,
he sure was easy to finish off.  

Then again, the end is usually
a pretty sudden curtain call.  

 Most folks don't get a chance
to say "goodbye," you know.  

Think of that
as a little parting wisdom...  

Polnareff!  

You can't let him get to you!  

Do you still not get it?  

Mr. Avdol told you!  

He begged you not to fight alone!   

But you ignored him...   

He feared you'd gladly end your own life,   

if it meant getting revenge!   

Mr. Avdol followed you here
out of worry, and now he's gone!   

So what am I supposed to do?   

We need to fall back for now.   

He mercilessly stabbed Avdol in the back.   

He k*lled my defenseless sister.   

You expect me to forget
all this happened and run?   

We can't fight them when we don't
know what their Stands can do!   

 Don't fight a battle that will
only end in your death!   

 That's what Mr. Avdol
was trying to tell you!   

Hey! Come on, li'l Pol Pol.   

Why, you...   

Polnareff! Slowly retreat toward me.   

We'll take that truck!   

Calm down you say?   

All ri...   

Hey, Polnareff.   

 EPISODE   : THE EMPEROR
AND THE HANGED MAN, PART TWO   

 Avdol d*ed for you.   

I think that means you owe him.   

Your friend bit the dust, because of you.   

You bastard.   

Where's the user?   

Polnareff, calm down!   

No need to be sad. You should be happy...   

You're about to see
your dear friend again.   

You'll soon be dead,   

enjoying the afterlife
with those two fools.   

Your sister
was so very sweet, Polnareff...   

Once you're reunited with
your sister, be sure to ask her:   

exactly how I m*rder her!   

Polnareff, don't fall for his tricks!   

He wants you to att*ck!   

Bastard!   

Your Chariot cannot cut my Hanged Man.   

I'm in the mirror,
where your Stand can't go.   

That's why!   

So close, and yet so far away!   

Hol Horse. Fire away.
Let's put an end to this idiot.   

Aye aye, sir.   

Die!   

Emerald Splash!   

What the...   

Wait? He sh*t...   

...Polnareff!   

Kakyoin, was it? Not bad.   

That's out of my Stand's range.   

Even if I got him,   

the b*llet wouldn't do much damage.   

Mr. Centerfold went after them, eh?   

He must really have it in for Polnareff.   

Sorry, Kakyoin.   

I...   

I thought, so long as I could
avenge my sister,   

I wouldn't care if I live or d*ed.   

But I understand now...   

I know Avdol was fighting for me.   

His sacrifice won't be for naught.   

I'll fight to keep on living.   

You sure you really mean that?   

Yes.   

You can think of that as
a makeup handshake, Polnareff.   

Right. Thank you, Kakyoin.   

When those bastards come after us again,   

we'll defeat them together.   

Avdol, you...   

You know, I was so sure
I stabbed him with my sword.   

But it didn't connect.   

It was like he wasn't there.   

Breaking the mirror didn't stop him.   

The Hanged Man,
just att*cked from the shards.   

He att*cks your reflection
from within the mirror. 

My Stand can't go inside mirrors... 

How can we att*ck him if he's
in some kind of mirror world? 

Damn it!   

Polnareff, you keep talking about   

"inside the mirror"
and "the mirror world,"   

but there's no such thing
as a world in a mirror.   

Remember, this is reality, not fantasy.   

What are you talking about?
You saw it, too, didn't you?   

You can see him only in a mirror,   

and when you turn around, he's gone!   

Yes.   

But a mirror reflects light. Nothing more.   

I know how a mirror works!   

Listen! I mean in this case.
Like what's going on right now.   

If Stands can exist,
then so can a mirror world!   

Wrong.    

Come on, man!    

The secret of the Hanged Man    

has something to do with
the way mirrors work.    

Stands can defeat other Stands,    

so there still has to be something
we don't know about his—    

Polnareff!
The chrome of the steering wheel!    

What?    

He's caught up to us!    

Look out!    

You all right, Kakyoin?    

I slammed my chest, but I'll be fine.    

What?    

Chariot!    

Kakyoin!
Get away from anything reflective!    

Damn it... I got it. I just saw him do it.    

From mirror to mirror!    

From reflection to reflection!    

He's jumping from one object to another!    

He traveled all this way 

by reflecting over and over! 

Reflecting? 

So he's actually light!    

A light-based Stand?    

Kakyoin! I just saw him
in the car's bumper!    

He'll reflect off it
and into something else.    

Stay clear of reflective stuff!    

And take off anything that's shiny!    

Your buttons!    

Hey, Mister, are you guys okay?    

Want me to bring some medicine?    

Hey! Kid! It's dangerous, Get out of here!    

Whoa,
you guy's really messed up your car...    

Hey, you're bleeding, mister.    

What?    

Are you sure you're okay?    

That assh*le!    

He reflected into the kid's eye!    

Listen, kid. Don't look at us.    

Huh?    

I told you, don't look at us!    

Stop looking at me! sh*t!    

Huh? But you're hurt.    

I'm fine! See? Perfectly fine!    

So go look over there!    

You're bleeding...    

Look over there, you brat!    

Damn you, Centerfold!    

What to do?    

You wouldn't poke out
this cute little boy's eye    

with that sword of yours,
would you, Polnareff?    

Polnareff!    

I finally got you.    

You won't escape this time.    

Unless, of course,
you gouge the kid's eye out.    

You dirty little...    

You'll pay for this!    

Hey, Kakyoin.    

That's not what you say
at a time like this.    

Listen!    

In times such as these,    

exacting revenge requires
an altogether different battle cry.    

My name is Jean Pierre Polnareff.    

For the honor of my sister's soul,    

so that my friend Avdol may rest in peace,    

into the pits of despair,    

I shall strike you down, Centerfold!    

Sorry bout this, kid!
I'll buy you any candy you want!    

You got sand in my eye!    

Polnareff, he's in your eye...    

I don't understand how,    

but he moves at almost the speed of light.    

A normally indiscernible speed, yes,    

but I knew that if the kid
closed his eyes,    

his next move would be to my eye.    

I see...    

The Hanged Man can exist
only in the world of reflections. 

When one world is about to be destroyed, 

he must migrate
to another reflective object. 

So...    

Knowing his path
makes slicing through him...    

a piece of cake!    

That's where he is... The user!    

You bastard. Finally...    

Finally!    

At last we meet...    

Centerfold!    

My name is Jean Pierre Polnareff,    

and I've seen through
your Stand's clever little trick.    

It's a Stand of light that moves
at extraordinary speed.    

Too fast to target with my eyes.    

But if I know where you're going,    

and I slash its trajectory in that moment,    

I can cut you!    

If Kakyoin and Avdol hadn't shown up,    

I probably wouldn't have figured that out,    

and you would have k*lled me.    

Polnareff! He's not the man
with two right hands!    

That's not Centerfold!    

What?    

Polnareff!    

EMPEROR
HOL HORSE    

Polnareff!    

Over here.    

Insignificant fools!    

I'm Centerfold.    

You...    

That's just some beggar from the village.    

All I did was carve him up a bit,
just like you did to me.    

And you fell for it!    

Getting close to him without
knowing what I look like    

was a grave mistake!    

You bastard!    

Take this! Emerald...    

Whoa. Wait now.    

Take a good look around you.    

Hey, gather 'round!    

These two gentleman are handing out money!    

What?    

They'll give us money for nothing!    

Thank you!    

You have such big hearts!    

Thank you! Thank you!    

Thank you!    

Please give us money!    

Have you figured out what's going on yet?    

You say you've figured out my Stand?    

Fool!    

You think I don't know my own weakness?    

With myriad reflective surfaces,
you'll never know my next move.    

I have no weakness!    

Don't look! Don't stare at us!    

Just look away!    

There's no escape.    

Just going to blow everyone up?    

You wasted your youth chasing me...    

And now, to come so far only to fail!    

How pathetic and sad.    

I, Centerfold,    

will live on surrounded by
beauties like your sister    

Oh the pleasures that await!    

Oh yeah, that sweet sister of yours
was really good at sobbing...    

Farewell.    

Why, you...    

Polnareff, you can do better than that.    

When taking revenge,
words like "Why, you..." won't do.    

Here's what you say:    

My name is Noriaki Kakyoin.    

To avenge my dear friend, Avdol,    

and so that the soul of
my friend Polnareff's sister    

may rest in peace,    

I will have you pay with your life.    

I'll give this gold coin
to whoever picks it up.    

Behold, a coin so perfect,
it shines like a mirror!    

Now I get it, Kakyoin.    

Seems everyone's eyes
are now focused on a single point.    

Yeah.    

We know the trajectory
the Hanged Man will have to take!    

Merci, Kakyoin!    

Now!    

Hold it!    

It won't open!    

Sounds like you're the one who's
really good at sobbing, Centerfold!    

And you're about to plummet into hell,    

crying the whole way down.    

But there's one thing I can't rely
on the guardians of hell to do.    

And that's...    

To turn your body into a pincushion!    

I've been waiting years for this moment!    

I'll leave the rest to the devil.    

So this is the true Hanged Man...    

He was rotten to the core.    

I got my revenge.    

HANGED MAN
CENTERFOLD    

Hold it!    

Finally caught up with you.    

Why are you walking so slow?    

If you're gonna run,
run like your lives depend on it.    

Right, Mr. Centerfold?    

Better say your prayers.    

This is where your lives come to an end!    

Come at us with everything you've got!    

Show us your guts, boys!    

Right, Mr. Centerfold?    

Hey, are you listening, Mr. Centerfold?    

I don't think
he's listening anymore, cowboy.    

He's a little busy right now...    

Carrying out his sentence in hell!    

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!    

Don't try to pull that nonsense!
Bluffing won't work on me!    

There's no way you could have b*at him!    

Even I wouldn't try my luck
against that mother!    

Polnareff,
your sense of humor really stinks.    

'Two, three hundred meters that way,    

is that bastard's corpse...    

'case you wanna look.    

Don't mind if I do!    

Hey! You're running away?    

I don't stand a chance! 

I'm outnumbered! 

Time to hightail it out of here
and wait for a better chance! 

Or better yet, wait 'til I find
myself another partner in crime. 

It's all about being Number Two! 

That's the motto I like to live by! 

Got a problem with that? 

What?    

Mr. Joestar! Jotaro!    

We know about Avdol.    

We didn't have time for much,
but we gave him a proper burial.    

The one who stabbed Mr. Avdol in the back    

was that coward with two right hands.    

But the cause of death
was Hol Horse's b*llet.    

What should we do with him?    

I'll give him his sentence.    

Death!    

What?    

Please run, Sir Hol Horse!    

-Sir Hol Horse!
-What's with this woman?    

I don't know what's going on,    

but I do know I'll always protect you!    

You are my everything, darling!    

Please run! Hurry!    

Let go of me, stupid bitch!    

Come on, what are you doing?    

Jotaro! Kakyoin!
Don't let Hol Horse get away!    

It's too late.    

Huh? Oh...    

Well said, my little sweetheart!    

I'll gladly accept your feelings
and keep on living!    

I'm only running away
because I love you, baby!    

Forever and ever!    

Why, you...    

Get back here!    

Agh...    

Oh, don't you dare "Agh" at me!    

Polnareff, the girl is just
another one of his victims.    

And he no longer had
any intention of fighting with us.    

We have no time to deal with him.    

Avdol is gone now.    

But we have to forge ahead.    

It's already been fifteen days
since we left Japan.    

Damn it...    

Fine then.    

All right! We continue onward to Egypt.    

Listen up! To defeat Dio,
we have to fight as one.    

We can't go off on our own!    

Or we'll play right into
the enemy's hands.    

Got it?    

Let's get a move on!    

Good grief.    

The city of Varanasi is coming into view. 

m*rder! 

I am the culprit! 

I am Joseph Joestar! An American! 

What? 

I love you. 

Hey... Doesn't that sort of
look like a person's face?
My son has been m*rder...  

I can sense the misfortune that
has befallen my son, Centerfold.  

The bond between mother
and son has spoken!  

My precious, beautiful boy...  

You d*ed covered with wounds like this?  

I can feel it.
I suffer the same pain you felt.  

You were magnificent as you fought
for LordDio, my dear Centerfold!  

How...  

How did they do it?   

To k*ll such a noble
and pure soul like you...   

They must have done something underhanded.   

Damn them!   

The bastards!   

I will make sure they pay
a terrifying price   

with the Empress card!   

Move!   

This is a time for action...   

With the Stand that brings a slow death!   

Oh, the anguish!   

I shall k*ll them all!   

 VARANASI, CALCUTTA
INDIA   

Jojo and crew head to
the sacred city of Varanasi. 

Listen...   

 I don't usually get on
a soap box like this...   

But stupid people are just that.   

You can repeat something a million times,   

and they still won't listen.   

You know the type, right?   

There's just no helping the poor souls.   

But you know, uh...   

I never got your name...   

Nena.   

Nena! That's a great name.   

Daughter of that wealthy Varanasian family   

from around here, right?   

You're good-looking,
and I can tell your smart, too.   

I have an eye for people,
which leads me to my point...   

Hol Horse is a horrible, lying bastard.   

He's manipulating you!
Think how your parents would feel.   

You hear me?   

You can't end up like this.   

I know it's easy when you're in love.   

But you can't afford to see
the world with such a narrow view.   

Take a step back and
look at the whole picture.   

Hey, we're almost there.   

The city of Varanasi.   

The sacred river, the Ganges. 

A place for holy men,
the young and the old, the sick. 

Where cows, dogs, monkeys,
and food for human consumption, 

lie alongside excrement
and corpses for cremation... 

The river embraces all,
its waters ever flowing. 

From birth unto death, 

its holy waters form a microcosm of life. 

Visitors of Varanasi
are said to remain transfixed, 

never wanting to leave. 

Perhaps the landscape 

that is this sacred land
is a window unto soul. 

Man... This thing isn't
getting any better.   

What's wrong, old man?
You don't look so good.   

Looks like my bug bite got infected.   

It's definitely swollen.   

I think you should see a doctor
before it gets worse.   

Hey, doesn't that sort of
look like a person's face?   

Stop kidding around, Polnareff.   

Sorry 'bout that.   

Shall I go to the hospital with you?   

No! Stop treating me
like a feeble old man.   

I'll just lance this.   

Huh? What'd you say?   

It's definitely infected.   

It'll worsen, if we don't drain the fluid.   

Hey, hey, hey.   

Can't we just put medicine and
a bandage on it, and call it a day?   

Not to worry.   

We'll numb the area, so it won't hurt.   

No problem. No problem at all.   

Come now, lie down.   

I studied medicine in England.   

I can do appendectomies, too.   

Uh-oh. It's a little rusty.   

Well, no problem.   

All right.   

Let's slice it open.   

Come on!   

I don't want to watch it being cut open.   

No problem.   

Hey, are you done?   

Is it over yet?   

What?   

Hey, Doctor!   

Trying to cut me open?   

That's a pretty stupid move, you old fart!   

What the hell is this?   

I'm the Empress,   

as in the Empress card, Old Man Joseph!   

And now, I'm gonna bloody you up good!   

When'd you get on me? Damn it!   

This thing's got teeth!   

Damn it's strong!    

No, it grabbed the scalpel!    

Oh, no!    

Thank goodness it got my artificial hand.    

Bastard! Think you can just cut me?    

I'm part of your body now, Old Man Joseph.    

You can't get away from me, honey.    

Bet I can guess what's going
through that thick skull of yours...    

Probably something like...    

Only a Stand can defeat another Stand.    

My Stand, Hermit Purple,
has the power of clairvoyance    

and remote viewing.    

How can I fight with that?    

How can I defeat something
that's growing out of my own arm?    

You can't!    

Where's the user?    

How the hell did you infect me?    

You moron! I won't tell!    

Disgusting freak!    

Running off to your friends?    

We'll see how that goes.    

Doctor, your next patient is waiting...    

Doctor...!    

Hey! Let me explain!    

-I didn't do it, I...
-I k*lled him!    

I'm Joseph Joestar! An American!    

And I'm staying at Hotel Clarks!    

What?    

By the way, girlie.    

I have a thing for
hot young nurses like yourself.    

What?    

m*rder!    

Wait! You got it all wrong!    

Oh, no...    

Now you can't go back to the hotel.    

You're all alone now!    

I can k*ll you without anyone interfering!    

You little...!    

I'll crush you to tiny bits!    

What?    

Hey, this is your arm.    

Take care of it, you shitty old man.    

It grew arms? How much more could it grow? 

Hey! Let go of it!    

What are you doing? Let go!    

Not a chance!    

Officer! The m*rder's over here!    

He's right here!    

It's been a while since it came to this... 

Hey! What are you doing?    

Overdrive!    

Moron!    

It's your arm, remember?    

You think your Hamon would
work against your own body?    

You! Don't move!    

Then how about...Hermit Purple!    

You're crushing me...    

I can use it this way, too!    

I told you, freeze!    

Stop! Criminal!    

Damn it! 

What are you doing? I can't see!    

Now what? 

 HERMIT PURPLE
JOSEPH JOESTAR    

So as I was saying, Nena...    

Real men don't have to talk a big game.    

That's how you figure out who's a liar    

and who's the genuine article.    

Damn cops've run me
in the wrong direction. 

I'm nowhere near the hotel now. 

Had I known this would happen, 

I would've taken Polnareff with me. 

Instead of a petty guy
like Hol Horse, how about me?    

Am I not your type?    

I don't dwell on the past.    

I don't care whom you used to date.    

What's important is the future.    

We just need to understand each other.    

Oh, look over there.    

That place is a hotel run by
a Japanese woman named Kumiko.    

-She manages it
-Out of the way.    

-with her Indian husband.
-Out of the way.    

We could probably stay for cheap.    

Oh, really?    

Tell me more about this hotel.    

Wha...    

What the hell are you doing?    

I'm eating, Joestar.    

I've got to grow up big and strong.    

You stole those at the market!
You quick little bastard.    

Why, you...    

Look how big I've gotten!    

It's tough having another mouth
to feed isn't it, Daddy...    

You disgusting little cow!    

I'll show you that nobody...    

has the experience or the smarts to
take down the great Joseph Joestar!    

Now how the hell am I going to do that? 

Damn it... 

Here goes nothing... Hermit Purple!    

Oh, Daddy Dearest,    

you know I appreciate
all your tender loving care.    

But you shouldn't tie your children down.    

One day, you have to
let them leave the nest!    

Oh, no!    

It's no use. 

I could use Hermit Purple's
remote viewing to find the User, 

but I need a camera! 

What can I do? 

At this rate... it won't be just my arm. 

She'll take over my entire body! 

I've already grown enough
to end your pathetic life!    

See? I can reach your throat.    

I just have to bust your carotid artery,    

and you're done for.    

Oh, no!    

What's he doing?    

Bastard!    

What in the...?    

Look!    

That man has a very
strange growth on his arm!    

Dammit! Where the hell's the Stand user? 

Polnareff, sir...    

I need a reliable man like you
to take care of me.    

I love you... Such a strong,
trustworthy man you are.    

Uh, but it's all so sudden.    

Is she serious? 

I think I'm falling in love! 

Lucky! 

Hey, Joseph Joestar.    

You idiot.    

You getting farther and farther
from Jotaro and the others.    

You think I'm running my ass off
just for the hell of it?    

I'm running so I can shut you up for good!    

See that?    

You're going in for a nice long soak!    

Senile old fool!    

A nail?    

I picked it up earlier.    

When you were rolling around
on the ground like an idiot.    

Now I can cut shove it
right into your carotid!    

Did you actually believe I'd suffocate    

if you stuck me in here?    

Die!    

I may be made of your flesh,
but I'm not alive like you!    

Forget the rules already?    

Only a Stand can defeat a Stand.    

Oh yeah,    

weren't you going to show me
all that fighting experience?    

Am I supposed to be impressed?    

You're nothing but a pathetic old man!    

My prosthetic hand... 

It almost broke when she hit it earlier... 

It's got no power! 

Just one more push...    

Your life as an invalid
is about to come to an end.    

There's no way you can defeat me...    

Huh?    

Not a single way...    

What?    

Not a single what?    

I'm sorry, my hearing
isn't what it used to be.    

Run that by me one more time, will ya?    

Coal tar!    

You stuck me in tar?    

It wasn't to suffocate me!    

You were trying to keep me from moving!    

But...    

How'd you know there was
coal tar in there?    

With my Stand's power,
Hermit Purple told me everything!    

Hey, everyone look...    

What is this?    

That foreigner must've made it
when he spilled the incense ashes...    

They've formed a perfect map of the city!    

You used psychic photography!    

That's how you found the tar! 

You "developed" a picture in the incense! 

The difference in our fighting experience    

should be as clear as day now!    

When your opponent starts boasting
he's already lost.    

That's how Joseph Joestar does things.    

Like a fine wine,
I guess I just get better with age.    

Now...    

It's time to rip off this Stand
with my Stand!    

Next you'll say,
"Please, stop it, I beg you!"    

Please, stop it, I beg you!    

This will hurt me as much as it hurts you.    

But children can't depend
on their parents forever.    

Once you've grown up,    

you gotta learn to live on your own!    

Now then...
where's this thing's Stand user?    

Well, then, Nena...    

Shall we seal our new love with a kiss?    

What? What? What the hell?    

What's wrong, Nena?    

So she was The Empress's Stand user...    

Huh?    

Huh?    

This ugly troll...    

attached her Stand to me
as a tumor with a human face,    

and camouflaged herself
as a beautiful woman.    

You were careless.    

She played you like
a damn fiddle, Polnareff.    

EMPRESS NENA    

And here I thought we'd finally
be able to sleep in a bed.    

If the old man hadn't screwed up,    

we wouldn't be out here
hiding from the cops.    

I took care of things.    

We can take this car.    

Polnareff, you're driving.    

Hey, don't tell me you're still in shock.    

The Stand att*cked me, remember?    

I'd rather have gone through that...    

NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW    

So, we're finally leaving India. 

Well, I am a girl. 

Did you see the driver's face? 

More trouble would be especially bad now. 

A truck? Impossible... 

By the way...do you like sumo?
Now with a new set of wheels, 

Jojo and crew leave
the holy city of Varanasi 

for Pakistan. 

We're about to hit
the Indo-Pakistani border...  

I guess it's time to
say good bye to India.  

You know, I had mixed feelings
about the country at first,  

but now I sorta miss the hustle
and bustle of Calcutta,  

and frenetic chaos of the Ganges.  

One day, I'll be back.   

I owe it to Avdol
to give him a proper burial.   

Mr. Avdol...   

The road's getting narrower.   

Quit clogging up the road! Outta the way!   

I'm gonna pass him!   

Polnareff, calm down!   

This four-wheel drive is great!   

Hey, did you just fling
a bunch of rocks into that car?   

Yeah? Your point?   

Another incident
is the last thing we need right now.   

I'm wanted because
of what happened in Varanasi.   

I'd like to cross the border in one piece.   

What now, Polnareff?   

I just told you!
We can't afford another mishap!   

I know that!
Look who's standing over there!   

Good grief...   

Hey! We meet again.   

How 'bout a ride?   

 I mean, come on, I'm a girl.   

 Soon I'll be wearing a bra,
and doing my nails for the boys.   

I'd look pathetic wandering around
the world when I'm that age.   

It's now or never! The time is now!   

To see the world... To be free...   

Don't ya think?   

Look, I feel bad for lying about
going to see my dad in Singapore,   

but let's just forget that.   

Hey, it's the car we passed.   

Guess he's in a hurry now.   

Let him pass.   

Yeah...   

Hey, now!   

What's he trying to do?   

I let you pass,
now hurry up and go already!   

He's probably mad from
your little maneuver earlier.   

Catch the driver's face?   

Nope... Windows were covered in dust.   

Couldn't see a thing.   

Me neither...   

It couldn't be...   

Be careful, Polnareff.   

Now he wants me to pass!   

Looks like he realized
how shitty that piece of junk is.   

Should've just stayed behind me, dumbass!   

What?   

A truck? No!   

We're stuck! We're gonna crash!   

Star Platinum!   

That was close!   

Without Star Platinum,
we'd have been toast.   

He's gone! Where'd that blasted car go?   

Looks like he drove off.   

What do you think?   

Think that bastard in the car
is an enemy Stand user?   

Or some sick bastard with an axe to grind?   

Of course he's one of Dio's lackeys!   

We were almost road k*ll, for God's sake!   

But he didn't att*ck with
anything that resembled a Stand.   

Regardless,
we have to keep heading to the border.   

If we see that car again,
we'll take him out, whoever he is!   

Damn straight.   

What should we do about that truck?   

Star Platinum left it a wreck.
It won't be going anywhere.   

We pretend we never saw it.
Now let's get going.   

He's so cool... and dreamy... 

 SYRIA   

A roadside tea stand...   

A break would do us some good.   

If we stick around here a while,
we should lose that crazy driver.   

What is that stuff?   

Sugarcane juice.   

Care for a glass?   

Might as well...   

What?   

It's him!   

That car's here!   

You! I've got a question!   

The driver of that clunker over there...   

Who is it?   

Um, I'm not sure, sir.
I didn't notice it there, sir...   

Our driver won't just come out
and announce it.   

He's messing with us!   

Then I guess that leaves us
with one option. Right, Jotaro?   

Yeah...   

Poor innocent bastards...   

We'll just have to b*at them all down!   

Hey, Jotaro, stop!   

Mr. Joestar, not you too? This is crazy!   

Pretty suspicious mug you got there...   

What? Not me!   

Slippery bastard just played
the lot of us, didn't he?    

Anyone see his face?    

No. What is he trying to do?    

He could be some madman with a car,
or he could be trying to k*ll us.    

I won't rest until I catch him
and get to the bottom of this!    

And I'm still pissed
about what that truck did to us!    

Damn it! For a piece of junk,
that car can really get up and go!    

That's strange.    

According to the map,    

we should be running parallel
with train tracks here.    

Who the hell cares?    

We'll catch up soon anyway.    

That bastard!    

I'm gonna nail him
once we round this curve!    

A dead end! That's impossible!    

Where the hell did he go? He's gone!    

It's like he just disappeared!    

There's no way he crossed
the suspension bridge...    

What?    

It's him!    

He keeps ramming us!    

How'd he get behind us?    

How much horsepower is
that piece of junk running with?    

It's like a t*nk!    

It's no use! Everyone, get out of the car!    

Polnareff!    

You can't get out until
the rest of us are clear first!    

Who'll hold down the brake?    

Huh?    

Sorry!    

Hierophant Green!    

Stop!    

Hierophant can't support
this kind of weight!    

You'll be torn to shreds!    

Mr. Joestar, with all due respect,
I am aware of my own abilities.    

I am not a fool.    

You took the winch with you!    

Not bad, Kakyoin.    

So tell me, you like sumo?    

Especially deadlocks
at the edge of the ring...?    

Exciting, isn't it?    

Ow...    

Yeah, I'm a fan of sumo.    

But Jotaro, it's against the rules
to punch your opponent.    

 STAR PLATINUM
JOTARO KUJO    

Nothing here suggests
he used a Stand att*ck.    

I think it's safe to say
he's just some weirdo.    

Yeah. Either way,
he's a goner after that fall.    

Well... What goes around comes around.    

Yeah, but I still wonder...    

How'd it get behind us?    

It's so strange.    

It's not strange at all... 

The radio!    

He's coming through the AM/FM!    

It was able to do that
because it's my Stand, Joestar! 

What?    

If he knows my name,    

then he's got to be an enemy Stand user!    

Where is he?    

He's sending a signal
from the car down there?    

No way! You see that wreck?    

No. That old jalopy
could very well be a Stand.    

Remember the boat Stand?
This could be just like Strength.    

Behold the Wheel of Fortune...    

My Stand will lead you to your maker!    

The Wheel of Fortune?    

What the... An earthquake?    

I've got a bad feeling...    

Everyone, get in the car!    

No, don't!    

Don't go anywhere near it!    

Couldn't be...    

Below us!    

Impossible! It burrowed up
through the ground!    

If that's not proof enough
the car's a Stand, nothing is!    

The Stand's user must be inside!    

What the hell?    

What is that thing?    

It's like it's alive!    

It's transforming for an att*ck!    

Want to see who's stronger?    

Don't, Jotaro. Don't fight it yet!    

Not until we know
what that Stand's power is!    

Jotaro!    

Impossible... I couldn't see it.    

The hell'd he sh**t at me?    

Don't know what hit ya, eh?    

You'll figure it out soon enough...    

The moment you croak, that is!    

Jotaro!    

Jotaro! Polnareff! Kakyoin!    

The hell is this?    

They're not deep,
but they sting like hell!    

I couldn't see it.    

He's sh**ting something at us,
but our wounds...    

I don't see anything in our wounds!    

Are you all right, Jotaro?    

Don't worry bout me. First things first...    

I don't know what he's sh**ting,
but he's got damn good aim.    

I'll pulverize your legs
so you can't move,    

then run you over!    

Quick! Between the rocks!    

Stop skittering away, cowards!    

-What?
-What are you? Roaches?    

Oh no! He's digging his way through!    

We're no match for him in here!    

He's like an insane
meathead who's lost control    

cause he couldn't figure out
some kiddie puzzle!    

Keep running!    

They all left me behind!    

So I'm a runaway!    

So I'm a good-for-nothing kid!
No one loves me! I'm always alone!    

I'm gonna die!    

Good grief.    

If you have time to say all that crap,    

you can run away, little brat.    

I love you so much, Jotaro!    

Go ahead and climb!    

There's no path left for you to take!    

No way to escape,
no way to survive, no way to Egypt,    

and last but not least, no future!    

Because...    

This Wheel of Fortune    

is going to grind you into mincemeat    

and splatter you all over these boulders!    

Oh, no!    

It's climbing up...    

Is there anything this car can't do?    

Good grief.    

Guess we have no choice but to fight.    

Everyone, get back.    

Once he climbs up here,
his undercarriage'll be exposed.    

We'll see how strong it is then.    

I get it.    

Its underside
might be vulnerable to att*ck!    

You're pretty fast there, Jotaro!    

But not too bright!    

Your bodies reek,
and you haven't even noticed!    

Come to think of it,
I think I did smell gasoline!    

It's coming from us!    

We're covered in gas!    

It was sh**ting...    

gasoline!    

It was sh**ting small amounts of it
at high speed, like b*ll*ts.    

Incredible...    

He wasn't trying to wound us.    

He was dousing our bodies with gasoline!    

Looks like you finally caught on,
but it's too late!    

Now all you need is a little jolt!    

What?    

Jotaro!    

Jotaro!    

Mr. Joestar, stay back!    

We're soaked with gasoline, too.    

Jotaro!    

I win! Part Three ends here!    

Oh?    

Then who'll be taking the place
of the one and only Jotaro Kujo?    

Don't tell me you think it'd be you.    

You burrowed into the ground
with Star Platinum!    

So the only thing that b*rned up
was your jacket?    

A little parting wisdom:
What you said earlier about paths...    

was dead wrong.    

You see, in life,
you have to forge your own path.    

Let Jotaro Kujo show you how it's done.    

All you need is a little push!    

I'm being crushed...    

Jotaro!    

And that's how it's done.    

Your body paved a nice path.    

You literally made a road with it.    

Here ends the lesson.    

What an odd fellow.    

His arms are the size of boulders,    

and yet everything else is so small.    

Talk about a bluff.    

Hey! Going somewhere?    

Don't k*ll me!
I'm just in this for the money!    

Oh, God.    

I can't believe the Stand was
disguising such a small car.    

Kind of reminds me of    

a fluffy little sheep
that's just been shorn.    

How pathetic.    

I AM A MONK IN THE MIDST
OF SPIRITUAL TRAINING.    

 RESPECT MY ASCETIC PRACTICE
BY NOT UNDOING MY RESTRAINTS    

Well, then. Let's take this car
across the border.    

Only fair since he smashed ours.    

It's pretty b*at-up.
I wonder if it'll last that long.    

Help!    

And you're on the next flight
to Hong Kong.    

Aw, why?    

Shut up! You're in the way,
don't you get it?    

We might not make it that far...    

Help!    

 WHEEL OF FORTUNE
ZII ZII    

My seven assassins have all been defeated.    

The shame!    

I cannot bear to face Lord Dio.    

Curses! That despicable Polnareff!
Kakyoin!    

Curse Jotaro and his wretched grandfather!    

I, Enyaba, shall be your next
and final opponent!    

I will fight with my own Stand,
the Justice card!    

The fog is getting worse from over there. 

They d*ed with that look of fear
on their face! 

Why is that? 

What is with everyone in this town? 

This isn't an ordinary m*rder. 

Joestar and company. 

You seem to be travelers. 

Assalam alaikum.
Oh my, that looks quite good on you!  

In all my years,  

I've never received such
a strange request for clothing.  

I'm in a hurry. What's the total?  

See ya.  

Uh, thank you, sir...  

Let go! Let go of me!  

And don't you dare touch me there!  

-Shut up! Don't say it like that!
-Here's her ticket.   

No! I don't wanna!   

I'm going with you guys!   

Listen, Little Miss.   

My daughter, Jotaro's mother...   

is in grave danger at the moment.   

We're on this journey
to save my daughter's life.   

Forget this running away business,
and start heading home.   

I'm sure your parents are worried sick.   

There.   

Fine, I guess so.   

I'll make you look good
this time, Grandpa.   

What's the matter?   

Nothing.   

See ya! Life is just
a bunch of goodbyes anyway!   

I do sort of wish I could've
seen him once more. 

Goodbye, Jojo! You better save your mom!   

I'll be rooting for you!   

Pakistan is a young country,
established in      

following its separation from India. 

But when Japan was still
a hunter-gatherer society, 

Pakistan was the seat
of a highly developed civilization. 

Here in Pakistan, the people carry on 

the     -year history
of the Indian subcontinent. 

 EPISODE   : JUSTICE, PART ONE   

 I gotta say, Jotaro, I'm impressed you got   

a Japanese school uniform
made here in Pakistan.   

The fit is perfect, too.   

It's    % wool.   

Polnareff, are you ok driving?   

The fog seems to be thickening.   

Yeah, I guess it is kinda dangerous.   

With no guard rail on this cliff
and all...   

Hmm...
The fog looks even thicker up ahead.   

It's not even  :   yet,
but I guess we have no choice.   

Let's stop in that town for the night.   

I wonder if they've got nice hotels.   

A nice hotel, huh?   

Right. And it'd better have
a decent bathroom!   

I still can't get used to those toilets   

in India and Western Asia.   

Was that a dead dog? 

What's the matter, Jotaro?   

Oh, it was nothing.   

Not a bad town.   

There must be at least
a few thousand people living here.   

Let's ask about a hotel
at that restaurant there.   

But there's a weird quiet
about this place...   

Every other place has been
so crowded and noisy.   

It's probably the fog.   

Listen up, men.   

In the Islamic countries west of Pakistan,   

this is how you greet people.   

First, you smile and say...   

A-Salaam-Alaikum!   

Um, hehe... No need to
close up shop just for us.   

We just wanted to ask a question.
Are there any hotels here in town?   

Anybody home?   

I do not know.   

Huh?   

Hey, wait a minute.
Whaddya mean, you don't know?   

What's with that guy...?   

I must've been seeing things. 

I'm sure he couldn't understand you   

because your pronunciation's so bad.   

Let's ask the guy over there.   

Sorry, but we're looking for
a hotel around here.   

Preferably a hotel
with nice, clean bathrooms.   

Do you know any...   

Hey, you!   

What's wrong?   

What?   

He's dead! His face is frozen in fear!   

What's going on?   

Why is he lying dead in the road?   

What could've k*lled him?   

A heart att*ck? A stroke?   

It's possible...   

But what we've got here
is no ordinary heart failure.   

A g*n! This guy is holding a g*n...   

You just noticed?   

It's still smoking. He just fired it.   

He must've just fired it.
Maybe two to five minutes ago.   

Either way, it must've been
right before we arrived in town.   

Could it be su1c1de?
Think he sh*t himself?   

No, I doubt it.   

His body doesn't seem to have
any visible wounds...   

and there's no blood anywhere.   

Then how'd this guy die? Look at him!   

His face is all twisted,   

like he was screaming in utter terror!    

I don't know.    

Exactly who or what did this man
sh**t at with this g*n?    

What happened?    

Didn't anyone in town notice
what was happening?    

Excuse me, ma'am.    

Someone has d*ed here!
Please call the police!    

You must excuse me.    

My boils, they are infected.    

Did you say you need something?    

I asked you to call the police!    

The police?    

But why?    

Look! That man's dead!    

Oh dear, someone is dead you say?    

Is there anything I can do?    

I already asked you to call the police!    

Yes, yes, call the police...    

Of course.    

My boils are infected.    

They are so itchy. So terribly itchy...    

What is with the people in this town?    

A man is lying dead in the street,    

and nobody seems
the slightest bit concerned.    

There was a g*n, and no one noticed?    

These people are more oblivious than
the most jaded New Yorker or Tokyoite.    

That dog... 

This blasted fog just keeps
getting thicker and thicker.    

It's almost as if the fog has
swallowed the town whole.    

This's really creepy.    

Doesn't that part there look like a skull?    

What do you want to do, old man?    

You don't think it's the work
of another Stand user, do you?    

Probably not. There's no motive.    

Would someone who's after us    

k*ll a man who has nothing to do with us,    

before we even got here?    

There's no reason for
a Stand user to k*ll him.    

Who knows...
He obviously d*ed unnaturally.    

We can examine the body
before the police come.    

Just don't touch it.    

Right...    

Looks like he was traveling, too,
just like us.    

He has bus and train tickets.    

And he looks like he might be Indian.    

He's carrying Indian money.    

I'm guessing he's not from this town.    

Oh?    

A wound!    

There's an opening the size of
a ten-yen coin under his throat!    

This must be what k*lled him.    

But why isn't there any blood?    

With a wound this large,
blood should be everywhere.    

Normally, at least.    

This is no ordinary m*rder.    

We've got to get to the bottom of this.    

But first things first.    

Take off his clothes.    

What happened to his body?    

It's riddled with holes!    

He looks like the cartoon cheese
on Tom & Jerry!    

And there's not a drop of blood
near any of these wounds.    

How do you even k*ll someone like that?    

What does all this mean?    

Be careful.    

If there wasn't a Stand user here before,
you can bet there's one here now.    

Everyone!    

Get in the car!
We're leaving this place now!    

What?    

Impossible!    

This isn't the car!    

Hermit Purple!    

Hey. Old man.    

What in the hell are you doing?
You've lost it?    

Oh, no!    

What am I doing?    

The car was right here just a minute ago!    

What? The car?    

We just parked over there.    

What?    

But just now...    

I see you are travelers.    

I'm afraid with this fog,    

it's too dangerous to leave town now.    

We have many cliffs, you know.    

I run my own bed and breakfast.    

If you'd like,
why not stay there for the night?    

I'll even give you a healthy discount.    

Finally, a normal person!    

 HERMIT PURPLE
JOSEPH JOESTAR    

We must assume a Stand user
is hiding somewhere in this town.    

This fog puts us
at a significant disadvantage.    

We cannot let our guard down tonight.    

I realize no one's att*cked us yet,
but, damn, this town is creepy.    

Come on, this way, Master Joestar.
That's my hotel.    

Follow me,
and I'll lead you to your rooms.    

I know it doesn't look like much...
but twenty years ago,    

one of the  movies was filmed here,    

and John Lennon from the Beatles
once stayed here as well.    

What? Seriously?    

No, I was just pulling your leg.    

-What?
-Still,    

it is quite a nice hotel,
if I do say so myself.    

We don't have any other guests
at the moment,    

so you can choose the dinner menu.    

Care for meat?    

-Or would you prefer fish?
-Hold it, Grandma.    

You called me "Joestar," didn't you?    

How'd you know that name?    

Come now,    

that young man beside you said
"Mr. Joestar" earlier.    

What? Me?    

Now that I think about it, maybe I did.    

Yes, you did, sir.    

When you've been in this business
for as many years as I have,    

you learn to memorize
people's names quickly.    

So I'm sure of it.    

By the way, Ma'am,
what happened to your left hand?    

Oh, this? It's just a little burn...    

It must be my old age.    

I accidentally spilled
boiling water on it.    

Old age? Don't be silly.    

You hardly look a day over forty.    

I should ask you on a date.    

Don't tease an old woman now.    

You damn, babbling, pathetic fool! 

It is you I despise most, Polnareff! 

I'll make sure you suffer a pain 

a thousand times worse
than what my son endured. 

Then I'll cut off your d*ck 

and rip out your guts to finish you off! 

Oh, this doesn't look bad at all.    

Here, Kakyoin.    

Right.    

My autograph's worth    

as much as Lennon's.
I'm Paul-nareff, after all!    

Make sure you take good care of it.    

My, my...    

I will do just that.    

To commemorate the day I m*rder you! 

It's done.    

Well, then...
Allow me to show you to your rooms.    

Man... Talk about a weird town.    

Now, time to hit the loo.    

It must be broken.    

Then I won't be able to use Hermit Purple    

to get info on the enemy...    

Hey, Mr. Joestar.    

What's the matter?    

Does this room have a bathroom?    

Looks like mine doesn't have one.    

Perhaps the bathrooms here are communal.    

Ah, of course!    

Good grief. He's so carefree.    

A Stand user could att*ck at any moment...    

So, the Joestar party
is on the third floor?    

Hol Horse... So, you've come.    

Yeah, I finally tracked those bastards    

as far as this creepy town.    

But finding you is a surprise, Enyaba.    

I didn't expect you
to fight them yourself.    

What's the matter, Enyaba?    

Why're you crying?    

I'm just happy, Hol Horse!    

It means so much that you're here!    

Thank you for coming
to see this lonely old woman!    

It is so wonderful to finally see you!    

Hol Horse, you and my son
were friends, were you not?    

Friends?    

Uh, well, I...    

Ahem...    

Yes, we were thick as thieves.    

So you were close?    

Close?    

Yeah, he was a dear friend
and an excellent partner!    

What's all this about?
You're not acting like yourself.    

Will you avenge my son?
Is that why you're here?    

Yes! That's exactly it!    

I'm gonna make sure those bastards
pay for k*lling my best friend!    

That's exactly what I want to hear!    

Because now I can k*ll you too!    

Enyaba? What the hell are you doing?    

How dare you, Hol Horse?    

You abandoned my son
and left him for dead!    

I swore I would k*ll you
the moment I saw you again!    

His "best friend"? How dare you?    

Wait! You've got it all wrong!    

By the time I got there,
Centerfold was already a goner!    

You wretch! You're as unforgivable
as that bastard, Polnareff!    

I'll have you die at the hands
of my Stand, Justice!    

Justice?    

I'm sure you heard rumors,
but I doubt you've ever seen it!    

I shall show you right now, Hol Horse!    

What the hell is happening
to the blood in my arm?    

It's like it's evaporating...    

It made such a fine wound!    

That's right!
My Stand, Justice, is made of fog.    

Any wound my Stand happens to graze
becomes a gaping hole.    

And then...    

Justice wants to dance!    

My Stand's fog has entered
your arm like a string!    

And now, you're my puppet!    

You will die by your own hand, Hol Horse!    

You shouldn't get so damn cocky!    

Emperor!    

Die, you crazy old hag!    

Justice prevails!    

What the hell was that noise?    

It came from the room behind the lobby...    

Is something wrong, Polnareff?    

I thought I heard a strange noise.    

I'm going to take a look downstairs.    

I'll be in the lobby.
Call me if you need anything.    

Curse you, Polnareff!    

NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW    

I just saw him. He's in the bathroom. 

Oh, the bathroom? 

The bathroom is just past that door. 

I thought I just heard
someone say "toilet." 

I always seem to get att*cked
in bathrooms...
EPISODE   : JUSTICE, PART TWO  

Polnareff...I shall savor k*lling you! 

To avenge my dear son,
I shall rip out your insides! 

-Hey, Madame!
-But I can't let him find 

Hol Horse's body. 

She's not behind the counter, either.  

It'll be even worse
if the other three show up. 

I have to k*ll them one by one, damn it! 

Stay back! Stay away! 

Oh Madame, are you here?   

I thought I heard some kind of crash.   

Is everything okay?   

I'm coming in, Madame.   

Whoa!   

Ow, ow, ow, ow...   

Oh no, what happened?   

Oh, it's nothing.   

Only a tiny fall.
Just bruised my hip a bit.   

You fell?   

You can't be falling now.   

And you b*rned your left hand, too.   

You're being much, much too careless.   

Oh, thank you, dear boy.
I'm fine. It's nothing.   

No problem, I promise.   

Get out! 

Who said you could come in here, damn it? 

I'll spare you my wrath for now... 

But when the time is right, 

I'll k*ll you just like I k*lled
that bastard, Hol Horse! 

All it takes is just a tiny wound... 

I'll turn you into
my very own puppet of Justice! 

There we go...Here's your cane.   

What's wrong? You're sweating b*ll*ts.   

It's nothing. Don't worry about me.   

Just go to your room and get some rest.   

Well, if you insist.   

But are you running this hotel
all by yourself?   

Don't you have some family around?   

Like a son?   

Huh? Sorry, did you say something?   

Uh, I was just saying
I've gotten used to living alone.   

I see...   

Sounds lonely to me.   

Just think, life with a son
and daughter-in-law...   

Your grandkids could
run around and play in the lobby.   

It'd be a little noisy, but...   

That's what makes families great!   

If you had a son, he'd probably
be older than me, right?   

Hey, what's the matter?   

Did he move to the big city or something?   

No. He passed away.   

Oh, I'm so sorry.
How terribly insensitive of me...   

You're the one who k*lled him,
you monster! 

I'll slaughter you! 

Please, sit down and rest.   

I'll give you a nice back rub.   

I know how it feels to be alone.   

I lost my mom when I was still just a kid.   

Ah, those were the good old days
with Mom...   

Tonight,   

just think of me
as if I'm your own beloved son...   

Ask me for anything, all right?   

You rotten little brat! 

I should just k*ll you
right now, you fool! 

Wow, you're really tense.   

I guess living alone
has been really tough on you.   

What's that guy doing here?   

Hol Horse? How is he still alive? 

That miscreant must have
made his Stand disappear 

as soon as it sh*t the b*llet
into his mouth! 

That face!   

Polnareff! Behind you...   

No way! You're Hol Horse!   

What are you doing?   

Quiet! I'm the mother of Centerfold
whom you mercilessly m*rder!   

Chariot!   

So, you're the Stand user?   

Dare play a part in m*rder my boy,   

and I'll make sure you pay for it!   

Mr. Joestar!   

It's too late.   

Your trusty friends will never
hear your cries, my dear.   

Because...   

I've summoned my own allies.   

Who the hell are you guys?   

Wait, it's you...   

You're that dead guy we found
when we got to this town...   

You're the traveler from India!   

We've got zombies!   

Behold the terrifying power
of my Stand, Justice!   

Stand users can have only one Stand,   

but Justice, the fog Stand,   

can transform the dead
into my personal army!   

It can control hundreds of corpses,
even thousands of them!   

Aren't you taking this grudge
a bit too far?   

To think that such a twisted
Stand user was after us... 

This whole god-forsaken town's
got it in for you!   

And if you get a wound,
she'll turn you into her puppet...   

I need only to give you a little scratch.    

It doesn't take much, you know.    

Then my Stand, Justice,
will take care of the rest!    

Get him!    

I'm outta here!    

Polnareff! Don't leave me here, please!    

Oh, shut up! Did you forget
what you did to Avdol?    

Why should I save you?    

You're on your own, pal!    

You can't escape, Polnareff!    

I'll yank your brain out!    

I'll snap your spine in half!    

I'll crush your balls till they pop!    

My vengeance comes now!    

She's psychotic! 

How can an old crone like her run so fast? 

Take this!    

Damn! He ran into the back room!    

After him! Break down that door at once!    

Just my luck...    

This hallway leads down to the basement.    

Mr. Joestar and the others
will never hear me.    

I'm too far away from them now!    

I don't think those things
can b*at me, but...    

if I get even a single scratch,
I'm in trouble.    

She'll open up the wound, and control me. 

Damn it... Is there no way out?    

Of course the windows
have iron bars on them!    

sh*t...    

I'll hide in this room.    

Crap, they broke down the door... 

At this rate,
I'm going to have to fight them. 

I just have to make sure
I don't get even a tiny cut. 

Now they're coming down the hallway. 

They must be checking every room. 

Damn it,
they're getting closer and closer. 

Oh come on... 

Did I run into another bathroom? 

Why am I always getting
ambushed in bathrooms? 

Damn it, the toilet is so dirty... 

All right, just try it. 

But the second you walk in, 

my Chariot will chop up
four of you in a single breath. 

What? 

Now it's totally quiet out there. 

Damn zombies... That old hag... 

What the hell are they doing? 

Aren't they going to break down the door? 

What's taking them so long? 

Come on, do something, damn it! 

They were looking through the keyhole!    

What the hell?    

sh*t...    

The bastard stabbed me in the tongue!    

Perfect! You've finally fallen
under my Justice's control!    

You shitty little brat!    

Now if you don't open that door
and come out,    

I'll split your face open
as I pull you through the keyhole,    

you fool!    

Laugh now!    

How pitiful, Polnareff.    

Very pitiful, indeed!    

My son, Centerfold,    

d*ed in unimaginable agony
thanks to your cowardice.    

This isn't even close
to the t*rture you put him through!    

Now then... How about
we have you clean the bathroom,    

Polnareff?    

Lick the toilet
until it sparkles like new.    

Don't be shy!    

Lick it till it's shiny...    

Like this!    

Anything but that... 

Anything but that! 

Oh, God, help me... 

Oh, you startled me.    

You must learn how to knock, young man...    

What can I do for you?    

I'm here looking for Polnareff.    

And I did knock.    

Maybe you didn't hear me    

because you were too busy
doing something else,    

grandma.    

JUSTICE
ENYABA    

I'm looking for Polnareff.    

Seen him, grandma?    

Damn! Now what? 

Unlike Polnareff, this Jotaro is clever. 

He must be questioning me
to see if I cr*ck. 

Playing dumb will just
make him more suspicious. 

Troublesome brat! 

I'll just tell him the truth, 

and the moment he turns his back,
I'll skewer him with these! 

Then he'll be easy pickings
for my Justice. 

Why, yes, I do know.    

I know exactly where
Mr. Polnareff is, Mr. Jotaro.    

Oh?    

Crap... Jotaro has no idea. 

Even a tiny scratch and it's curtains! 

Stay back! Tell Mr. Joestar and Kakyoin! 

That hag is the enemy! 

He was just here.    

He's in the bathroom now, Mr. Jotaro.    

Of course he is. Through this door here?    

Yes, that's right.    

Just go through that door,    

and it's the last door
at the end of the hall.    

Incompetent fool!
You are a child, after all! 

m*rder Polnareff
will delight my son's soul! 

And spilling your blood, Jotaro, 

will send Lord Dio in Egypt
into jubilation! 

Oh, right.    

I almost forgot...    

Oh? What's the matter, grandma?    

Trip on something?    

That was too close...    

That was close.    

You shouldn't hold scissors like that...    

Good thing you weren't hurt.    

You're pretty damn lucky.    

Sorry to ask before you even get up,
but I have a few more questions.    

Why did you just call me Jotaro?    

I never told you my name,    

and no one has called me by my name.    

I find that strange.    

Well, come on, tell me.    

Maybe it's because I watched
Columbo as a kid,    

but it's little details like that
that keep me up at night.    

You're beginning to hurt
this old lady's feelings.    

It's the guestbook!    

You wrote your name in the guestbook!    

It's so dry.    

You wrote "Jotaro Kujo."    

Oh?    

Then I guess you mean this guestbook here?    

Yes, that's it!    

"Qtaro Kujo"?    

"Jotaro" isn't written anywhere.    

I was onto you when you said
"Joestar" the first time we met.    

I told the others not to use my name.    

And yet, you know it.
Which could only mean...    

Cut the crap!    

I already know
you're the Stand user after us, old hag.    

What's the matter now?    

Aren't you going to show me
your Stand and fight?    

You're looking right at it!    

My Stand, Justice, always prevails!    

All it needs is a scratch!
Just a tiny scrape!    

You've fallen into my trap, Jotaro!    

Polnareff!    

Jotaro, it's me, Hol Horse!    

Enyaba's Stand is made of fog.    

It'll split your wound right open
and control you,    

like she did with me!    

It'll even control corpses!    

Can it, Hol Horse!    

Can you punch the fog with your fist?    

Or cut the fog with your sword?    

Or sh**t it with your g*n?    

Absolutely futile!    

There's nothing you can do,
but accept your fate!    

It's the biggest, toughest Stand there is!    

Our puny Stands are no match for it.    

Nothing stands a chance against Justice!    

Lovely, keep it coming.    

Your fearful praise is music to my ears.    

Now I'll control you, too, Jotaro! 

Run, Jotaro!
She'll put a hole in your leg!    

Good grief.    

I don't need to run.    

Before that old hag takes another breath,    

I'll defeat that Stand.    

Huh? What was that?    

Before I do what?
You rotten little sh*t head!    

Before I take another breath,
is that right?    

Well, I'll do that...    

I'll do that right...    

What...?    

Jotaro's Star Platinum is
sucking in Justice's fog headfirst!    

Please stop...    

...and he's holding it in!    

He's suffocating that bitch!    

Well, now...    

Looks like her head is in a bit of a fog.    

I'm so angry...!    

"What have I been licking"?
What's it matter?    

What a stupid question!    

Cough, cough, the toilet, cough...    

Eh? You were licking what, again?    

I couldn't hear you very well.    

Who cares what it was?    

I need to disinfect my tongue.    

Just give me the medicine already.    

Hm? I thought
I just heard the word "toilet"...    

Actually, I already knew about that.    

But I couldn't resist
teasing him about this first!    

Hey! Jotaro already told you, didn't he?    

You shitty old man!    

You were messing with me!    

Forget the medicine!    

All right, all right. I'm sorry.    

Come here, and I'll fix you up, Polnareff.    

If you don't take care of that,
it'll get infected.    

Ahem! Toilet. Ahem...    

You licked it real good...    

Jotaro, Kakyoin! Come on,
let's get the hell out of here!    

Everyone, come outside.    

What on earth?    

We step outside the hotel,
and this place is...    

It's a graveyard.    

She used her Stand's fog    

to make this graveyard look like
the town and hotel?    

So we were talking to the corpses
that were buried in these graves...    

STAR PLATINUM
JOTARO KUJO    

You wanna take her with us?
Are you serious?    

Yeah.    

We need to know how many more
Stand users are out there,    

what their powers are,
where in Egypt Dio is hiding...    

And what Dio's Stand can do.    

Yes, what kind of Stand is it?    

If we can get the hag to tell us,    

we might finally have the edge we need.    

I doubt she'll be willing to share
that information...    

We just need to use Hermit Purple.    

I'll project everything
she's thinking onto a TV screen.    

Great idea!    

This place doesn't have any TVs,
so we'll do it in the next town.    

Hol Horse!    

You bastard!    

That's our car!    

Sorry boys,
I'm stickin' with Dio, after all.    

Catch you later!    

Provided you don't die
before then, that is.    

A little advice for y'all!    

You better k*ll that old witch pronto!    

Or else you'll find out
just how terrifying Dio really is!    

See ya!    

What the hell does that mean?    

Why are you here in front of me? 

Lord Dio will never... 

They should be able to become smaller. 

When I say I'm going to do something... 

He just went flying like the other guy! 

Oh, God! 

You don't need power to k*ll humans...
With Enyaba in tow,
and a new carriage to boot, 

Jojo and crew arrived
in the coastal town of Karachi, 

Pakistan's industrial
and financial center, 

located in the Indus River delta. 

 EPISODE   : THE LOVERS, PART ONE  

Hey, a doner kebab joint!  

Let's stop and get something to eat.  

The doner kebab: it's been called
the hamburger of the Middle East! 

A slab of meat is placed on a spit, 

its outer layer roasting as it turns. 

Before long, the meat is cooked,
sliced, and served on bread. 

Try it, your taste buds will thank you! 

'Scuse me, five doner kebabs, please.   

That'll be a thousand yen.   

A thousand yen?   

In the Middle East, 

Japanese and Western business practices
are by no means universal. 

Namely, prices change
and are subject to negotiation. 

First-time visitors naive
of the value of goods for sale 

can become easy targets for exploitation. 

But here, such exploitation
is not frowned upon. 

The swindled are deserving
of the label "fool," not "victim." 

Haggling takes guts and ingenuity! 

A thousand yen?   

The first step is the art of the bluff. 

Make it clear you see through the trick. 

Don't mock me, now! That's far too much.   

A hearty laugh always helps. Then... 

How much would you buy them for?   

...the merchant will test the waters. 

Make it     yen for five!   

In return, you throw out a price so low, 

you can't help but blush. 

And then... 

Are you serious? You've got to be kidding! 

He'll act as if
you have no sense at all... 

If I sold them for that cheap,
my entire family would starve!   

Then he'll gesture the old throat slash. 

But you can't give up the fight just yet. 

I guess I'll just buy them somewhere else.   

Pretend that you're leaving... 

Okay, friend! I very much like foreigners.   

I'll sell you five for     yen.   

...he'll try to stop you. 

Then make it    .   

Let the haggling begin! 

Six hundred!   

Three hundred and fifty!   

Five hundred and fifty!   

-Four hundred!
-Four hundred and fifty!   

Four hundred and twenty five!   

I'll take them!   

All right! I got them for less than
half his original price! 

Take that! I made out like a bandit! 

And just as you think you won... 

I usually sell five for     yen! 

Bye-bye, thank you, sir!   

Hey! The old lady's awake.   

Eh?   

I've told them nothing!   

What are you doing here?   

You think I, Enyaba,   

would tell them the secret
of Lord Dio's Stand?   

Huh?   

What the hell are these tentacles?   

Why...   

Why have you come to k*ll me?   

Lord Dio places his trust in no one.   

I will make sure you never speak again.   

And you four...   

will be next.   

Grandma!   

What?   

You can call me Dan...   

Dan of Steel.   

My Stand represents The Lovers card.   

I will see to it that
you all meet the same fate   

as that pathetic Enyaba.   

How could you?   

That old lady was one of your own!   

Grandma!   

Lies...   

They're all lies...   

Lord Dio would never
do such a thing to me....   

Those things wriggling
out of her aren't from a Stand!   

They're real! Those tentacles are real!   

Lord Dio would never do me such harm...   

He'd never plant a flesh bud in me...   

Flesh bud?   

Lord Dio is my only reason for living...   

We trust each other wholeheartedly...   

Grandma!   

See that?   

The rays of the sun disintegrated them!   

The flesh buds!
They're made from Dio's cells!   

Precisely!   

I must say,
you are quite the perceptive one.   

That's what a flesh bud made
of Dio's cells looks like fully grown.   

I just grew it inside the old hag.    

Enyaba, you may have taught
Lord Dio about Stands,    

but you're a fool to think
he would ever trust    

a feeble old woman like you.    

Unfortunately,
it's a point you failed to realize.    

Old lady!    

What's the true identity of Dio's Stand!    

Tell us!    

You trusted and admired Dio,    

and now you know he's not
the man you think he is!    

We must defeat Dio! You've got to tell us!    

We need to know!    

Tell us what we need to know
about Dio's Stand!    

Lord... Dio...    

He believes in me.    

I will never tell...    

Oh, God!    

So sad...    

Such an unfortunate old woman.    

But the very depth of her trust    

shows just how powerful
Lord Dio's evil charm is.    

Enyaba may forever be entwined
with my sister's death,    

but she didn't deserve that.    

I'll see you join her!    

Four against one, but we won't hold back.    

Prepare yourself.    

On your feet.    

Hey, jackass!    

Stop acting so damned cool.    

This is going down,
whether you want it or not.    

As you wish.    

But none of you    

will be able to lay a single finger
on me, Dan of Steel.    

What?    

What happened, Mr. Joestar?    

He flew back just like that guy!    

You fool!    

I was about to explain my abilities.    

You almost k*lled your own
grandfather with that blow.    

Listen up.    

Do you really think I would show
my face here    

just to k*ll Enyaba?    

You damn bastard...    

You told us that your Stand
is the Lovers, isn't that right?    

So, what the hell does it do?    

The battle has already g*n, Mr. Joestar.    

You're all simpletons...    

Look all you want,
but you won't see my Stand.    

Hey, half-pint!    

Want some cash?    

It's yours if you hit my leg
with that broom.    

But why would he...    

Now hit me!    

The hell? Mr. Joestar?    

It hurts!    

I don't get it! My leg hurts so bad!    

Still haven't figured it out,
Joseph Joestar?    

My Stand enters bodies!    

The moment Enyaba d*ed,    

it clambered into your ear canal
and entered your brain.    

What?    

My Stand and I are connected! 

If my Stand gets hurt, then so do I. 

And the opposite holds true! 

If you so much as scratch me, 

deep inside your brain,    

my Stand will react to my pain
and discomfort,    

and fly into a rage.    

And it will amplify that pain
to the same bodily location.    

Now I'll say it once more...    

You won't be able to lay a single finger
on me!    

Plus the Lovers    

has taken one of Lord Dio's
flesh bud into your body.    

It's growing in your brain as we speak.    

Just like it did to Enyaba,
it'll eat you from the inside out!    

Ow!    

I don't recall asking you
to strike me again.    

Stupid little brat!    

Well, I must confess,    

my Stand, The Lovers,
lacks physical strength.    

It can't move even
a single strand of hair,    

making it the world's weakest Stand.    

But...    

You needn't be strong to k*ll someone.    

Understand, gentlemen?    

THE LOVERS
DAN OF STEEL    

Say something unfortunate happens,    

like I get into an accident,
a baseball hits me,    

or I simply trip and fall, Mr. Joestar...    

You will feel my pain many times over.    

I can feel your knuckles cracking
in my artificial prosthetic hand!    

You've got ten minutes.    

Then your brain will be eaten through,    

and you will die like Enyaba.    

Jotaro, calm down! Don't do anything rash.    

No. I'm gonna k*ll this tool so quickly,    

he won't have time to feel pain!    

k*ll me before I feel it, huh...    

Sounds interesting.    

Do it, then, Jotaro.    

Let's see what happens.    

What were you planning to destroy?    

Tell me. My face? Throat?    

What? You angry? Come on and try it!    

Let's just see what happens!    

How about busting a hole in my chest?    

Or how about you give up
on using your Stand,    

and cr*ck my head open with a rock?    

This one looks like a prime specimen.    

Sure looks big enough for the job.    

You do not want to underestimate me.    

When I say I'm going to do something,
I do it.    

Jotaro, don't do it!    

You already know what he can do!    

Are you trying to k*ll
your own grandfather?    

He just might do it...    

Dumb punk.    

Oh...    

You...    

Jotaro!    

Don't toy with me, you bastard.    

After the geezer kicks the bucket,
you're next!    

Look out!    

The Lovers will enter
your brain and k*ll you!    

What the hell do you think you're doing?    

This is just insane. 

My grandson is getting beaten
so I can survive... 

We're completely at this guy's mercy. 

His Stand is inside my head... 

I remember how that poison ring
was implanted around my aorta long ago... 

Come on, think, Joseph! 

There's gotta be something you can do! 

Hey!    

Jotaro! Keep him away from Mr. Joestar!    

We're going to get as far away
from him as possible!    

Oh, I see...    

You think putting distance
between me and the old man    

might make my Stand's power disappear?    

But my Stand's weakness
is made up for in other ways.    

The Lovers may be physically weak,
but from within its host, 

its range is farther
than any Stand in existence.    

Even if it's hundreds of kilometers away.    

Hey, Jotaro! I'm talking to you!    

It's impolite not to look at people
when they're speaking to you.    

Look at me!    

You sound like
you're starting to lose your cool.    

What's your plan?    

Follow me around
until Grandpa Joseph keels over?    

Dan, was it?    

You know, I'm gonna make you pay for this.    

Well, if you're going to follow me around,    

I might as well borrow a few more things.    

Nothing but chump change, huh?    

Though I didn't expect a guy like you    

to be sporting a TAG Heuer...    

I'll be borrowing this.    

There!    

An electronics store!
Mr. Joestar, they have TVs!    

Yeah, so? Why does that matter now?    

Come on, Polnareff, did you think
we were just running away?    

I'm going to fight this blasted Stand
that's inside my head.    

Fight?    

We have only a few minutes.    

And we're gonna need your help.    

Huh?    

Hermit Purple!    

-It's there!
-Oh, no!    

I can't believe I'm looking
at the inside of my brain!    

I get that there's a really small Stand    

inside Mr. Joestar...    

But how the hell
are we going to destroy it?    

By having our Stands
travel inside Mr. Joestar    

to locate and destroy it.    

What?    

Stands are simply
materializations of energy.    

We should be able to shrink them.    

Kakyoin!    

Hey, be gentle with me!    

There's no time.
We're going in now, Polnareff!    

All right!    

Hierophant Green!    

Silver Chariot!    

Smaller!    

Get smaller.    

We're going to be entering a blood vessel.    

Right...    

A ditch...    

I'd try to jump it,    

but I could trip and twist my ankle
by accident.    

And walking all the way
to that bridge would be such a pain.    

Hey, Jotaro.    

Lie down and make yourself into a bridge.    

I'll just walk on you to get across.    

What? You don't want to be my bridge?    

The hell do you keep yammering about?    

I said, make yourself into a bridge!    

You good-for-nothing arrogant prick!    

-What's the matter?
-Mr. Joestar!    

My leg...    

It's going numb...    

Dammit, Jotaro,
what the hell are you doing?    

Aww, don't look so upset, Jotaro?    

Come on, I don't have all day.    

Good.    

You're a rather sturdy bridge, aren't you?    

Aren't you?    

Aren't you?    

Aren't you...    

Mr. Joestar,    

it seems the enemy is here,
hiding around the thalamus,    

the point where the nervous system begins.    

Polnareff and I will enter a blood vessel    

from inside your inner ear,    

then swim through the blood vessels
toward the brain stem.    

Polnareff, open a slit in the wall
of his blood vessel.    

Hey, hold on! You're using your Stands!    

Can't they just go through it instead?    

Not at this size.    

The blood vessel's wall is too thick.    

The hole will be microscopic in size,    

so bleeding won't be an issue.    

At our size,    

severing a blood vessel or nerve
would take several minutes.    

Otherwise, the Lovers would've
done it already.    

Though, it may have already started...    

Keeping our Stands this small
is really exhausting.    

You need a lot of Stand power.    

Here we go!    

Oh, my God!    

I don't feel so well...    

My back itches... 

I'm in a really good mood right now. 

How about I have you lick it for me? 

The one who knows himself best will win! 

Everything begins when you
acknowledge your own weakness!
EPISODE   :
THE LOVERS, PART    

What a nice bridge
you make, Jotaro.  

Hey, Jotaro. My back itches.  

Scratch it!  

Just a little lower.  

Lower.  

Oh yeah, that's it.  

But not too hard, mind you.  

-Mister Joestar?
-Hey, what's the matter?   

It feels like
someone's tickling my back.   

I can't concentrate
much longer like this!   

Mister Joestar!   

Looks like we've got
quite the c*ptive audience.   

Mister Joestar, keep your voice down!   

People are staring!   

They'll think you're crazy!   

You think I'm screaming
for the hell of it?   

-Oh, no!
-That poor man...   

Let's give him some change.   

Why are they throwing money?   

Older relatives like that
can be tough.   

That is so true.   

Kakyoin, go buy the TV.   

Let's get out of this crowd.   

Right.   

Is this your store?   

Uh... Yes it is...   

I'd like to buy that TV.   

Unbelievable... 

Kakyoin's Hierophant
and Polnareff's Chariot 

shrunk themselves
to a microscopic level 

and infiltrated Joestar's body. 

They intend to fight me? 

I can see them! 

They're traveling through
the bloodstream 

and heading toward
the brain stem to my Lovers. 

Quickly!   

We don't have long
before the flesh bud   

in Mr. Joestar's brain
eats clean through!   

Hurry, you two!   

There!   

All right!   

Do it, Mister Joestar!   

Hermit Purple!   

These are...   

the flesh bud's tentacles!   

We finally made it
to the brain stem,   

but the flesh bud's
already taken over!   

Damn it!   

It's him!   

Look!   

He's using those weird claws
to knead Mr. Joestar's brain cells   

into a gooey mash so he can
feed them to the flesh bud!   

We have to destroy him and tear out
the flesh bud's roots quickly,   

or they'll completely
devour his brain!   

Okay!   

I'll julienne him to ribbons!   

You know on second thought.   

A finer cut should do the trick!   

Like grating a radish!   

No you don't!   

Now!   

He did it!   

No, not quite!   

Gotta say, Kakyoin,
that thing's pretty fast.   

But I've already figured him out.   

If that's all the little beast has,
then he's no match for--   

Polnareff!   

Who are you talking to?   

Huh?   

Polnareff, that's not me.   

And that's not a Stand you slashed!   

It's melting away!   

What?   

I'm The Lovers!   

Polnareff!   

He disguised himself!   

He was wearing Mr. Joestar's brain!   

Somehow that thing used
the kneaded brain cells   

to disguise himself
as my Hierophant Green!   

All you destroyed was a decoy
made of those brain cells!   

And you dummies
completely fell for it!   

Come on!   

Pull your head out of your ass!   

Better shine these shoes right,
Jotaro!   

I'm in a fantastic mood, you know!   

So until these shoes shine
as bright as I feel,   

and I can see that bright sun
on them, clear as day,   

I'm gonna need you to polish
your little heart out.   

If you'd like, you're welcome
to use your uniform.   

Actually, why don't you
use your tongue?   

Hey! You bastard!   

What are you writing?   

You're looking at your tab.   

And you're gonna pay in full.   

I wrote it down, so I won't forget.   

You're a scoundrel, Jotaro.   

Well, it doesn't matter.   

It'll all be meaningless
in the end.    

Kakyoin, look!    

Check out the decoy's head
I just opened!    

What the hell's going on?    

He's splitting into two!    

Listen up.    

To win in life,
one must thoroughly know oneself!    

It's like Aesop's fable    

when the unassuming tortoise
beats the hare.    

The tortoise outruns the hare    

because he knows his abilities
better than anyone!    

Of course,
the same applies to me.    

I know perfectly well
I lack the power and speed    

to mortally wound either of you.    

But remember this!    

The spoils belong to those
who admit their own weaknesses!    

Emerald Splash!    

Did it work?    

More decoys are forming
from the brain cells.    

They're multiplying!    

But a person can have
only one Stand,    

which means only one is real!    

Where's the real one?    

Right here!    

Emerald Splash!    

Close but no cigar!
I was standing right next to--    

The more decoys we hit,
the more they multiply!    

No, no...    

It's me...    

They're all me!    

Polnareff, that's enough!    

Withdraw your Stand now.    

I can't just watch you get hurt,
even if you are trying to save me.    

No way in hell!    

I can't stand
the thought of giving up    

and watching you die like this.    

Withdraw your Stand!
You'll be k*lled!    

Do as I say.    

It's over.    

We fight to the end, Mister Joestar!    

I can't tell...    

They're all the same!    

Which is the real one?    

Which is the Stand?    

I can't tell them apart!    

The world's weakest Stand is...    

The most...    

the most powerful of all!    

Hey now, Jotaro, look!    

A beautiful gold bracelet.    

Pretty impressive, eh?    

It'd make any girl
fall head over heels.    

Jotaro,    

see that space there in the glass?    

Use your Stand
to sneak through and steal it!    

Steal it.
What don't you understand?    

Get a move on!    

I mean...    

I don't mind breaking the glass
and taking the bracelet myself.    

Then again, if I'm caught,
I could be beaten to a bloody pulp.    

Old Joseph would surely
die from the pain.    

Hurry it up!    

While the salesman's
looking the other way!    

This guy's shoplifting!    

Son of a--    

 THE LOVERS
DAN OF STEEL    

Mister Salesman!    

Please, sir!
Don't let him get away!    

Sure thing!    

You bastard...    

All right? Where's the thief?    

Who's the culprit?    

That guy, there?    

That Asian kid?    

Ya know, back where I come from,    

when someone steals something
we chop off their fingers!    

Hey, Jotaro.    

You better not use your Stand
against civilians.    

Punk!    

Take this!    

Despicable!    

Dirty thief!    

Now get the hell
out of our country!    

Good-for-nothing assh*le!    

We'll let you off easy.
You can keep your fingers for now!    

That was great!
Nicely done, my friend!    

Thanks to the commotion
you caused,    

I was able to get my hands
on an even better piece!    

Jotaro!    

What the hell are you laughing at?    

What's so damn funny?    

Nothing.
I'm just a bit excited.    

I was laughing 'cause
your punishment just doubled.    

And I've been waiting
for this moment!    

It's almost payback time,
and it's really got me tingling.    

Why, you!    

It would seem we have something
of a misunderstanding.    

Sorry, but your Old Man
isn't long for this world.    

That's the reality you're facing.    

How sad.    

You don't know us
very well, do you?    

I see you don't know
Kakyoin at all.    

Come again? 

It seems to me you're obsessed
with the notion of knowing oneself.    

It makes sense.    

I suppose I'm inclined to agree.    

To know oneself
is an important lesson.    

But so is "know thy enemy."    

You should have done your homework.    

Can't you see?    

My Hierophant...    

has the power
to stretch out its feelers!    

I've been inspecting
every one of you!    

How could I've not noticed
something touching me!    

So you're the Stand!    

Emerald Splash!    

Success!    

Well, well...    

Looks like Kakyoin
got you pretty damn good.    

I'm wondering...    

Will I get my payback
once he's done?    

He's realized
he's out of his league!    

He's trying to escape
into the artery!    

He's trying to escape!    

He's trying to escape
from Mr. Joestar's brain!    

Huh? Did you say he's leaving?    

All right!
That's great news, isn't it?    

-Mister Joestar, hurry! The flesh bud!
-Right!    

Overdrive!    

The flesh bud's vanishing!    

Thank God.    

This whole experience sure has done
a lot to bring us together.    

You're incorrigible, Polnareff.    

Hold on a minute.    

If that thing's really trying
to leave my brain.    

It'll go back
to its Stand user, Dan of Steel...    

The bastard is returning to its user!    

This is bad!    

Jotaro has no way of knowing!    

What's wrong?
Why are you backing away from me?    

Aren't you going to tell me
more about my grandfather's death?    

Hey...    

What's with the big hurry?    

Got somewhere to go?    

You're not actually trying
to run away, are you?    

After all you've done...    

Please, Jotaro, sir, forgive me!    

I admit it, you win!    

I'll change! I'll lie on the ground
and lick your boots!    

I know what I did was wrong!    

You can pummel me
as much as you'd like!    

Hit me! Kick me!    

But please, don't k*ll me!    

Soon, 

very soon,
the Lovers will return to me! 

And this idiot, Jotaro,
doesn't have a clue! 

This time it'll infiltrate
your brain! 

Kakyoin is hundreds of meters away.
Just you wait! 

I'll make you suffer
pain so horrible 

you'll wish you were never born! 

It's here! 

Now! Enter his ear! 

I figured you'd try
something shitty like this.    

Don't you know my Stand,
Star Platinum,    

has superior eyesight and reflexes?    

Didn't you check up on us at all?    

I wasn't planning anything!    

Not against
your Stand's immense power.    

Did you just say "Your" Stand?    

Just "your"?    

No! I meant your awesome
and powerful Stand    

is far superior to any other!    

I knew I didn't stand a chance,
so I had it come back!    

Please look!    

You've already shattered
my arm and leg to pieces!    

I can't possibly fight anymore!
I can't even move!    

Yeah...    

All the crap you did to me,    

I guess an arm and leg
should make up for it.    

Do you swear you'll never show
your face to us again?    

I swear!    

I'll head for some deserted island!    

I'll go to the ends of the earth
and never return to bother you!    

You'd better not be lying.    

The next time I see that face,
it'll get a thousand punches.    

I'm not lying!
I'd never ever lie to you!    

Get lost.    

Let's play soccer over there!    

But then I can't play!    

Jotaro!    

You're an utter fool!    

Just take a look at that girl!    

My Stand, The Lovers,
just went into that girl's ear.    

Now he's heading for her brain.    

You'd better not move, Jotaro!    

I'm going to s*ab you
in the back with this Kn*fe,    

and make sure
you never move again!    

att*ck me with your Star Platinum,    

and this girl's pathetic life
ends right here and now!    

You'd never allow    

such an innocent child to die,
would you?    

Oh, good grief.
Go ahead and s*ab me, then.    

Hey! Didn't you hear me?
I said don't move!    

Don't...    

What? Huh?    

What's the matter?    

Didn't you say something
about stabbing me?    

Like this, right?    

My body won't move! Why?    

What's this thing
wrapped around me?    

I see you didn't notice.    

Kakyoin tied Hierophant's tentacles    

around the leg
of your fleeing Stand.    

They stretch all the way back
to him like a kite string.    

Guess you were
too self-absorbed to realize it.    

Please forgive me!    

Ask for forgiveness from Enyaba,
the woman you k*lled.    

I never had the slightest intention
of forgiving you.    

Dio paid me to do this.
You can have it all.    

Good grief.    

You really are a piece of work.    

What you owe me,
can never be paid back with money!    

Your receipt.
Keep the freakin' change.    

 JOTARO KUJO    

I have this feeling
like someone is staring at us, 

so I keep looking back. 

Are you sure
you're not just being paranoid? 

I can't help but feel
that presence, too. 

I really can't shake the feeling
that someone's staring at us. 

Something's strange.
How could this have happened?  

I can't believe...  

I can't believe
we totally fell for it.  

Having managed to halt
The Lovers' invasive att*ck, 

Jotaro and company avoid 

the political unrest
in Iran and Iraq, 

and instead cross
the Arabian Sea at Karachi 

to arrive at
the United Arab Emirates. 

 Now then, if you'd be so kind
as to sign this document,   

everything will be
squared away, sir.   

Right here, yes?   

You know, if a pretty girl like you
asked me to,   

I might even be inclined
to buy a car.   

My, aren't you sweet.   

How'd you feel about the two of us
getting dinner sometime?   

Polnareff, I hate to interrupt
when you're obviously so busy, but...   

Mister Joestar!   

Come on, it's time to leave.   

Seriously!
Try not to mess with the hair!   

Do you know how hard it is
to look this good?   

As if anybody cares
about your hairdo.   

You're driving.   

Righto.   

Bye, Mademoiselle. 

But Mister Joestar,
I don't get why we're riding in   

such a fancy, expensive car
in this sandy death trap.   

Wouldn't an off-road vehicle
be better?   

You'll find out soon enough.   

Wow, this country's amazing!   

It's like every house is
some kind of crazy mansion.   

Indeed.   

In Tokyo, you'd need
three to four billion yen   

to buy one of these.   

This is the standard of living
in this country.   

It wasn't but twenty years ago
that this place was a barren desert.   

Though, thanks to
a thriving oil industry,   

it's grown into
a playground for the rich.   

That sun may be merciless,   

but it sure is nice and cool
in here with the air-conditioning.   

Not too shabby.   

Oh?   

What's wrong, Kakyoin?   

It's nothing.   

I was just thinking about
how open the landscape is here.   

If anyone were after us,
I'm sure we'd spot them.   

But I just can't shake the feeling
that someone's watching us.   

Yeah, can't say that I blame you.   

Well, back to business.   

I've given a bit of thought
to the route we should take.   

About a hundred
kilometers northwest   

is a village called Yarpline.   

The desert and mountains   

make taking a direct route
near impossible.   

It takes two days to reach by car,   

so the locals use
a Cessna to get there.   

We should go to the village
and buy a Cessna,   

then we can cross
the vast Saudi Arabian desert.   

You know,
I've been apprehensive about   

getting anywhere near a plane.   

If a Stand user att*cked,
and the plane went down,   

we'd be putting
innocent lives at risk.   

With a Cessna,
I could be the pilot.   

We'd be able to save
some time for sure.   

Flying in a Cessna with a man
who's been in three plane crashes.   

Yeah, that sound's like
a perfect idea to me.   

That comment notwithstanding...   

Our priority should be
crossing the desert   

and hightailing it
to the village of Yarpline.   

It'll take one day on camel-back.   

Camel-back?   

A Cessna's one thing,
but on camel-back?   

I've never ridden
a camel in my life!   

Leave it to me.   

I know these creatures well.
I'll show you the ropes.   

You boys sit back
and watch the magic happen.   

You want camels, you say?   

Sure, but they're gonna
cost you my friend.   

And they need a gentle touch.   

We're kind of
in a life-or-death situation here,   

so we need them,
whatever it takes.   

As for payment,
how about a trade for that car?   

What?   

I couldn't possibly accept
such an offer, sir.   

Yeah, Mister Joestar!   

Besides, you literally
just bought that car!   

What other reason
do you think I had   

to buy such a fancy, expensive car?   

It's true an off-road vehicle
would perform better here.   

But we can't just
write a check here.   

And cash isn't normally accepted.   

No, here,
trading is far more effective.   

If you try to buy safety for cheap
in a time of emergency,   

you'll find yourself
even worse off in the end.   

Well, it just means
we've suffered a lot already.   

-Hey, Mister.
-Huh?   

I take it we have a deal?   

Oh, you know what?   

To even things out a bit,   

how bout you give me the water
in those t*nk there, too.    

It's the most important thing
when you're in the desert.    

But the water isn't nearly
as valuable as your car, sir.    

You are very strange indeed, sir.    

All right, everyone.
Let's get ready.    

Crossing the desert
will be no easy task.    

Brace yourselves men!    

That stinks!    

Hey, Mister Joestar.    

How the heck
do you ride these things?    

It's, like, three meters tall.    

So with camels...    

You make them sit first,
and then get on.    

You make them sit first,
and then get on.    

You make them sit, then get on!    

Give me a minute.
He'll sit, just you wait.    

Hey! Sit down would you!    

Damn it, this one's stubborn!    

You have ridden
one of these before, right?    

I will have you know I've watched    

Lawrence of Arabia three times,
start to finish!    

I know all too well
how to ride a camel!    

Though, two of those times,
I slept through half of it...    

You learned to ride from a movie?    

What?    

You've never actually ridden one?    

The saliva makes great sunscreen!
The more you know!    

Listen up.    

When you're handling an animal,    

it's imperative to understand
exactly how it feels.    

And I mean exactly!    

Here, doesn't this yummy apple
look scrumptious?    

It's really good!    

Come on, come on.    

There's a good boy.    

You see?
I made the camel sit down!    

If you take the time to get inside
its head, it'll sit down for you!    

I did it!    

It's so high off the ground!    

And did you know camels can close
their nostrils to keep sand out?    

And before I forget.    

You're forbidden from making
dumb camel jokes!    

All right.    

Now for the finer points
of riding a camel.    

Listen up.    

Camels don't walk
anything like horses.    

The front and back leg
on either side move forward together,    

so these things can sway a lot.    

Find a way to ride
with the camel's rhythm,    

and you'll be just fine.    

For example!    

Hey, wait! You're going too fast!    

Listen to me, dammit!    

I didn't tell you to go that way!    

Okay, then!    

Now that everyone's gotten
the hang of mounting and riding.    

We have a desert to get through!    

Onward toward the northwest!    

Hey!    

Something's wrong.    

I still have the feeling
someone's watching us.    

Kakyoin, don't you think you might
be worrying a bit too much?    

The palm leaves
are erasing our tracks.    

Plus we can see for kilometers
in all directions.    

If someone were here, we'd know.    

No, I've been sensing
someone's presence, too.    

Better take a look around,
then, Jotaro.    

See anything suspicious out there?    

No, nothing.    

Nothing whatsoever. But...    

Something's not right here.
Something's just...    

Hey, let's hurry up and go.    

Yeah.    

Let's get as far away as we can.    

We'll travel
till the sun goes down,    

then stop to pitch our tents.    

It's much too dangerous
for us to travel at night.    

Yeah, but it's sweltering out here!    

Look, it's fifty degrees Celsius!    

Yeah, it is hot out here.    

Then again, right around this time
is when it's hottest.    

Eight o'clock? Wha--    

Jotaro! Check your watch.
What time does it say?    

It's ten past eight...    

Hey, Old Man!    

So, it is...    

I know we lost track of time, but...    

what the hell's going on?    

It's past eight o'clock at night!    

So why isn't the sun setting?    

Impossible!    

The thermometer's jumping
to sixty degrees Celsius!    

It's not setting...    

It's actually rising in the west!    

Could the sun really be...    

...a Stand?    

 THE SUN
ARABIA FATS    

My God!    

We're in the middle of the desert!    

Take cover behind those rocks!    

That sun is a Stand?    

We're such fools!
How did we miss this?    

I knew we were being watched,    

but never thought this is why
we can't see our stalker!    

At this rate,
that sun's gonna burn all day...    

no, all night long...    

That Stand's gonna roast us
like a couple of rotisserie chickens!    

We're screwed!    

I doubt it'll take that long.    

A sauna can dangerously raise
the body's temperature in minutes.    

Then how do we fight it?    

Damn it!
It's seventy degrees Celsius now!    

You can't even tell
if that Stand is close or far away!    

The distance is impossible to judge!    

The fastest way    

is to take care of the Stand user.    

Indeed, the user,
he has to be nearby.    

We have to find him.    

He must have a way
of concealing himself    

to follow us this whole time.    

Wait a minute!    

What if he's like The Lovers?    

What if he can use his Stand
from far away?    

That's impossible.    

A weak Stand can
be controlled from a distance,    

but this sun is just too strong.    

The energy it's emitting is incredible.    

The Stand user has to be nearby.    

This is bad.    

The camels are starting to collapse
from the heat.    

This waiting isn't
getting us anywhere!    

I'll have Hierophant
survey the area.    

Kakyoin!    

I'm only searching for
the Stand's location.    

Once we know how far away it is,    

we might be able
to locate the user.    

Twenty meters. Forty meters...    

Sixty meters. Eighty meters...    

One hundred...    

Something's not right!    

Kakyoin!
Have Hierophant come back!    

Something's coming right for us!    

Before that happens, Emerald...    

Kakyoin!    

The camel!    

You bastard!    

I'm gonna bust a hole
in the ground!    

Everyone get in!    

You okay, Kakyoin?    

Yes. I was in the middle
of initiating my Emerald Splash,    

so that protected me
from any major damage.    

More concerning
is this intense heat.    

I feel like it's going
to drive me insane.    

That att*ck was so accurate.    

The Stand user must be
watching us from somewhere!    

But from where? Where is he?    

Keep your voice down.    

The enemy will find us!    

Just lay low. We'll sit tight
for a while and see what happens.    

Oh, sh*t!    

Things can't go on like this. 

Come on, think! 

It's time for this old-timer
to grab the bull by the horns! 

But this is a far-from-ideal spot. 

I can't even use my best technique. 

I have to get more information. 

Jotaro!    

Son of a bitch!    

Where the hell are you?    

How are you watching us?    

Are you invisible or something?    

Hey, Kakyoin, what's the matter?    

Hey, Kakyoin!    

The hell are you laughing about?    

Are you all right, Kakyoin?    

Control yourself, man!    

Jotaro?    

You too?    

Polnareff!    

Not you too?    

Oh my God!    

They've finally gone mad
from the heat!    

Am I the only one who's still sane?    

Hey! Jotaro,
get a hold of yourself!    

You have to settle down!    

Sometimes things get rough,    

and when they do,
you have to stay cool!    

What?    

Don't get the wrong idea,
Mister Joestar.    

Have a look at
that rock over there.    

It's large enough for someone
to hide behind, is it not?    

I'm not following.    

Now take a look at the rock
on the opposite side.    

Opposite side?    

Still don't see it?    

There's a rock that's shaped
exactly the same    

on the opposite side.    

The shadow is also reversed.
Which means...    

What a stupid trick!    

Move.    

Stay here, Old Man.    

Jotaro! If you go out there now,    

you're all but asking
the enemy to att*ck you!    

It's dangerous!    

It made a hole in the sky?    

Good grief.    

You really are pathetic, Old Man.    

I'll just assume
the heat was too much for you.    

Or else I'd find it hard to believe
you're my grandfather.    

Since we defeated the enemy Stand,
night's finally fallen.    

Or maybe I should say,
it's back to being night.    

However you wanna slice it,
we're safe!    

Just how long do you plan
on hiding in that hole?    

Right.    

Good grief.    

It's finally gotten dark.    

Well, whaddya know, it's a mirror!    

Take a look.    

Check out the little car he has
behind the mirror.    

It looks rather comfy.
It even has air conditioning.    

Man, I had no idea
he was reflecting the desert    

and tailing us from behind
in this nifty little thing.    

I see he has a t*nk of water, too.    

How bout we take it off his hands?    

Oh, and here's a drink.    

Huh? You mean we've already
beaten the Stand user?    

There's nothing else to do?    

We don't even know
this guy's name,    

but somehow we've already
made short work of his Stand?    

Yes, you've hit the nail
on the head.    

 THE SUN
RETIRED    

So this was
the Sun card's Stand, huh?    

At first he was pretty impressive,    

but once we figured him out,
he actually kinda sucked.    

Well, onto our next destination.    

It's pretty chilly in the desert
at night, isn't it?    

Hold your horses!
Traveling at night is dangerous!    

Why don't we camp out here
for the night!    

Well that idiot's finished,
so it'll be sweet dreams tonight!    

Ba-dum-tss. 

NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW
That piercing noise...  

What is this place?  

An amusement park?  

I've never been here before.  

Why in the world am I riding on
a Ferris wheel in my pajamas?  

Something's wrong.  

The desert...  

I remember being in the desert  

riding through Saudi Arabia
on camel back.   

But where are the others?   

Did they abandon me?   

This isn't making any sense.   

There's not a soul anywhere
in this amusement park,   

so why do I hear
the cries of a baby?   

Where is it?   

 This card is...   

 Death   !   

The card's moving!   

Kakyoin!   

Hey, take it easy!   

Stop screaming and shaking the bed
like that girl from The Exorcist.   

You're weirding me out.   

-Where are we?
-Don't ask stupid questions.   

Come on, get up already.   

After breakfast,
we're gonna take to the skies.   

Looks like another scorcher.   

I had a terrible nightmare.   

It was horrifying.   

Oh, lay on the details.   

I wanna hear all about it!   

Thing is, I can't remember.   

-I've forgotten it all.
-Huh?   

Regardless, it was petrifying.   

You woke me up,
and pulled me out of it.   

Wish we could talk more,
but we gotta get a move on!   

Let's go.   

Hurry up and get ready!   

There's a cut on my hand.   

How'd it get there?   

 EPISODE   :
DEATH   , PART     

 Jotaro and Mr. Joestar are
already headed to the plane.   

Supposedly, we're traveling
five hundred kilometers today.   

My dog!   

My poor dog is...   

dead!   

Who would do such a thing?   

A dog?   

A dog...   

I could've sworn I saw
a dead dog not too long ago.   

Whoever did this is sick,   

but there's nothing
we can do about it.   

Let's go.   

Hey!   

Hold on a dang second, Mister.   

What exactly do you mean,
you "can't sell us the plane now"?   

You had no problem
taking my money last night!   

You'll get a full refund.   

But first we need to see
to a baby with a fever.   

-It's    degrees Celsius.
-Huh?   

We have no doctor here.   

We have no choice but
to take the baby somewhere else.   

Then how about
the plane over there?   

That one's broken.   

What's up? Some kind of argument?   

Yeah.   

A baby...   

I remember hearing a baby's cries. 

But where? 

The plane will be back
tomorrow night.   

I can sell it to you after that.   

Tomorrow night?   

We've got someone's life
on the line too!   

We can't spend two days
pissing around this place!   

So you'd rather let that baby die?   

Well, I...   

Excuse me, I have a suggestion.   

We can give the baby
to these gentlemen.   

They can take it
to the doctor on their way.   

Uh, nice idea, but...   

The Cessna is built to carry four.   

But surely there's room
enough for a baby.   

I could've sworn
I just saw it smile. 

The baby already has teeth? 

You sure about this, lady?   

Do you really wanna
leave it with them?   

Just a minute!
We can't do that either!   

It's too dangerous for the baby
to come with us.   

I told them
this would be dangerous.   

Hey, just try
and take it easy, Mister Joestar.   

No Stand can catch a plane flying
hundreds of kilometers an hour.   

We even made sure
the plane isn't a Stand.   

I'm more worried about
the Old Man's flying   

than an att*ck from an enemy Stand.   

Oh, thank goodness!   

What a relief.   

But I wonder whose baby was that?   

You're not the mother
of that child?   

Oh no, I found it by the well
this morning.   

From the moment I heard
the baby's crying,    

I couldn't help myself.    

I felt I had to put him
on that plane.    

What?    

I always get so tired
when I get on a plane.    

Mister Joestar, sorry, but I think
I need a thirty-minute cat nap.    

Sure.    

What is this?    

Hey Kakyoin,
where the hell are we?    

Where's Mr. Joestar and Jotaro?    

This is the same dream
I had this morning.    

We're inside a dream!    

-What? A dream?
-Yes.    

That's a relief!
Just a stupid dream.    

You had me worried there.    

If it's only a dream,
who cares about a dead dog?    

Polnareff, you can't be serious!    

Dreams are only as scary
as you make them.    

-Oh, just try and relax.
-No!    

How can I when we're having
the same dream?    

I suppose you do have a point.    

It is kinda weird.    

But in a dream
isn't anything possible?    

Oh, boy! Wouldja look at that!    

Lucky me!
This dreaming thing is great!    

See? Think your dream is fun,
and it will be!    

Listen!    

You saw the dog's carcass
this morning!    

It must have been dreaming
the same dream as me!    

It was k*lled in this dream!    

I got this cut on my hand
while in the dream too.    

By whom?    

By the enemy's Stand, Death   !    

The enemy's Stand?    

Yes.    

I get it, you had a dream
about Stands!    

-Come on, you've got to take it easy.
-No!    

It wasn't a dream about Stands!    

A Stand was in my dream!    

That's what I said.    

You were having a dream
about Stands.    

You still don't get it, do you?    

Lali-ho! Tell me, does it hurt
being that stupid? 

Oh, for the love of... 

I'm saying you're slow
on the uptake, Polnareff! 

It's coming from the dog's wound.    

Lali-ho! 

This is a dream,
and I'm the grim reaper, 

-Polnareff!
-A megaphone?    

What is that thing?    

Polnareff, stay on guard!    

That fiend is Death   !    

Wor--    

Come forth, Hierophant Green!    

Hierophant, att*ck!    

Chario--    

Why can't I summon Hierophant?    

I can't get Chariot
to come out either! 

Is it because we're in
some kind of twisted dream?    

Lali-ho!    

It's romantic, wouldn't you agree?
Being able to die in a dream!    

Lali-ho!    

DEATH       

Jotaro, do you sense that?    

Yeah, clear as day.    

Are you stupid?    

Surely you know only a Stand
can defeat a Stand!    

It's time for you to enter
your eternal sleep, Polnareff.    

Lali-ho...    

Polnareff!    

Die!    

Polnareff.    

Hey, Polnareff, wake up.    

Polnareff, seems our little
traveler wet himself.    

Hurry up and change his diaper.    

Curses! Someone must have
woken the fool.    

He's quite lucky.    

Lali-ho.
I suppose it's no matter.    

Even if he wakes up,
he won't remember a single thing.    

I'll just have to finish him
the next time he falls asleep.    

So, Kakyoin,
it looks like you get to be first!    

Lali-ho!    

Hey, Polnareff, you awake yet?    

The diaper!    

All right, I'm up...    

I feel like I had some kind
of terrifying nightmare.    

But I don't remember
what happened at all.    

I've completely forgotten...    

Once you change the boy's diaper,
you can head back to dreamland.    

I won't wake you again.    

Hold on a second guys!    

The kid took a dump in his diaper!    

Look!
Just look at the size of it!    

Well, he is a baby.
That's why he wears diapers.    

You're kidding me!
That's why?    

I had no idea!
What a vile, disgusting creature!    

And he's gotten it
all over the place!    

Stop yapping and change
the diaper already!    

It stinks.    

How are you not embarrassed?    

Grow up already, will you?    

Does this look right to you?    

Well, it looks good to me.    

Jotaro, hold on to the edge there.    

I'm going to try and pin it.    

Okay. Like this?    

Now hold on to the baby.    

Lali-ho!    

-Stop it!
-Kakyoin, what's wrong?    

Hey! What's going on?    

Stop it!    

Damn it!    

I've lost control!    

Hey!
Don't tell me we're gonna crash?    

Stop!    

Kakyoin,
what's the matter with you?    

He was like this this morning!    

I don't care, just calm him down!    

Old man!
Fix the control column!    

We're gonna crash!    

Kakyoin,
pull yourself together, pronto.    

We're about to crash
because of you.    

Lali-ho.    

Talk about a restless sleeper!    

At this rate, you're going
to k*ll yourself and my user.    

Your user is that baby?    

I don't believe it...    

He's only about six months old. 

I'm eleven months.
Almost a year old!    

You should also know
I'm a genius!    

I may poop in my diapers,    

but I know a helluva lot more
than you idiots!    

Lali-ho!    

And with that,
you've lost your ability to scream!    

A Stand within a dream... 

I have to find a way to let
Mr. Joestar and Jotaro know. 

What are you doing?    

Dammit! Level us out!    

Calm down!    

"Panic" isn't part of my vocabulary.    

Can't you see I'm working on it!    

I'm not waking up...    

Lali-ho.    

No one's going to notice
if you're cutting your arm    

with a Kn*fe that's smaller
than my wee-wee.    

Besides, you can hurt yourself
all you want in a dream,    

but you won't wake up.    

As long as you're asleep, 

I control every iota
of your precious mind. 

Death    infiltrates the minds
of its slumbering victims 

when they are at
their most vulnerable. 

Damn it. Stop! 

What's wrong, old man?    

We're crashing!    

I'll control it with Hermit Purple!    

I did it!    

I lifted the plane
just in the nick of time!    

What a close one...    

It would seem we managed
to avoid crashing.    

That was too close for comfort.    

Now then...    

What do you say to me k*lling you
by crushing that heart of yours?    

Then Joestar and the others
will think you had a heart att*ck.    

Die! Kakyoin!    

Did you guys see that?    

How do you like them apples?    

-My flying's not too shabby!
-Hey.    

What the hell is a palm tree
doing all the way out here? 

Good grief... 

I knew it. 

This had to happen!    

CAIRO
ABU DHABI    

CRASH SITE    

This good for now?    

Yeah, thanks.    

We survived, but...    

Kakyoin, what's going on?    

You got us into this whole mess,
you know.    

I'm not sure...    

I feel like I just endured
a horrible dream.    

And when I awoke,
I was utterly exhausted.    

Something might be
wrong with me.    

Try and cheer up.
It's probably just fatigue.    

It's been about a month now
since we left Japan,    

and the enemies haven't let up.    

Hey. Looks like
the baby's fever's gone down.    

Thank goodness
he's safe and sound!    

If anything were to happen to him,
I'd never forgive myself.    

Peek-a-boo!    

Such an adorable smile!    

I don't get what's so funny.
You're not even making any jokes.    

What an idiot.    

Put a sock in it! 

This isn't my idea of
a perfect night either! 

Hey, Old Man. The radio survived.    

What should we do?
Should we send out an SOS?    

That'll mean Dio can find us, but...    

We've got to.
Let's call for rescue.    

For the baby's sake.    

I thought I was feeling
twinges of pain.    

I'm bleeding...    

Did I cut it when we crashed?    

What's this? The cuts form letters.    

Baby... Stand?    

But how did they...?    

What could this mean?
It's my handwriting.    

I can't remember anything.    

Did I do this to myself?    

The Kn*fe is free of blood,    

and yet the blade
appears to be the culprit.    

Could I've really forgotten
violently cutting my own arm?    

Damn it!
I was told he was clever. 

I never thought
he'd carve letters into his arm 

while trying to wake himself. 

What was that look
on the baby's face? 

He deliberately looked away,
the moment my gaze met his! 

Baby... 

Stand? 

Baby... Stand.    

Am I really losing my mind? 

I'm starting to think... 

this baby is a Stand user! 

Hey, Kakyoin!    

What do you think you're doing?    

Come on, that is way too rough.    

You could strangle the boy!
What's wrong with you?    

My apologies...    

There, there,
everything's all right.    

Let's have something to eat.    

A little food'll
calm you right down.    

Hey, Jotaro.    

It looks like Kakyoin's
really starting to lose it.    

There, there, everything's okay.    

Will he make it through
the rest of the trip?    

-What do you think about Kakyoin?
-Did you see that? 

Kakyoin, that's enough. Stop that. 

How foolish are you? 

He's a Stand user! 

Did you cut that
into your arm yourself? 

Am I making things even worse? 

Lali-ho!
EPISODE   :
DEATH   , PART    

So this is Saudi Arabia... 

about  ,    kilometers
from Japan. 

It's been about four weeks
since we began our journey. 

If we don't hurry,
we'll be in serious trouble. 

Kakyoin... 

Hey, Jotaro.  

What do you think is up
with Kakyoin?  

First he nearly kills us
in his sleep on the plane, now this.   

He even went after the baby.   

Something's just not right.   

If you ask me,
he's at his wit's end.   

Do you think he'll be able
to keep going from here?   

For a second there,
I thought he actually figured me out. 

But now Kakyoin's
half-doubting himself. 

To top things off,
we're in the middle of the desert. 

All I have to do is wait
until they fall asleep. 

If there's no one to wake them up... 

Something smells good.
What kind of food is that?   

Baby food.   

It's a concoction of milk,
egg yolks, bananas,   

and bread all stewed together.   

So, you wanna taste?   

Wow!   

This is flat-out amazing!
Give me more!   

Easy now!
There won't be any left for the baby!   

Incompetent bastard! 

How dare you eat my food? 

I'm wasting away over here! 

Hurry up and feed me, dammit! 

A... 

A scorpion! 

Blast it! 

That was a close one. 

Crap baskets! 

Kakyoin was watching. 

He k*lled the scorpion. 

That baby really is... 

sh*t! 

That's it!   

Mister Joestar, Polnareff,
did you see that?   

-Huh?
-That baby's not normal!   

He just k*lled a scorpion!   

He stabbed it!   

The boy skewered it
with his own safety pin!   

Kakyoin, hold on.   

The hell are you talking about?   

I'm saying that baby's not a baby!   

He's not even a year old,
yet he knew what a scorpion is.   

And he k*lled it
with those tiny hands of his!   

A scorpion?   

Where is it?   

It's in here!   

There should be
an impaled scorpion in here!   

It's gone?   

I swear it's true!
He hid it somewhere!   

Check his clothes!   

We got it, Kakyoin!
Knock it off! That's enough!   

Mister Joestar!   

Like I said,
you're clearly exhausted.   

Get some rest,
and we'll talk about it in the morning.   

Okay, open wide! It's delicious!   

Uh oh?
What's the matter?   

You were hungry a minute ago.
Did you lose that big appetite?   

Say "ah."   

Stop it! 

I can't eat right now, you idiot! 

Mister Joestar!
I'm not imagining things!   

I don't know where
he hid the scorpion,   

but I'm sure he's the Stand user!   

And there's something I have
that will prove it to you!   

Look at these cuts!
Read what it says!   

It's a warning!   

It must've happened to me
when I was sleeping!   

Oh, my God!   

Kakyoin, you didn't do that
to yourself, did you?   

Eh?   

Kakyoin, it's finally happened...   

Oh, my God!   

You colossal buffoon! 

Didn't you realize if you showed them
the cuts on your arm, 

they'd think you were crazy? 

Did I just make things worse? 

It looks like
I have no other choice! 

It's time for a little force!   

Hierophant Green!   

It's no use.   

The guy has completely lost his mind.   

This can't be happening.
I'm certain of what I saw, Jotaro... 

His Stand was the one we fought
in our dreams, Polnareff. 

We can't fall asleep, Mister Joestar. 

Believe me. 

Everyone...
If we fall asleep, we'll be k*lled. 

Please, you guys.
You have to believe me. 

Yes! My secret is still safe! 

You guys lose! 

Your petty mistrust
just cost you your lives! 

Victory is mine, fools! 

I can't believe it...    

Does this mean Kakyoin can't fight
or travel with us anymore?    

We'll discuss it in the morning.    

Time to sleep.    

Polnareff, give me a hand
moving Kakyoin.    

Sure thing.    

-Jotaro, you bring the sleeping bags.
-Right.    

You say something?    

No. He's just really heavy.    

-I'm gonna slice every one of you up...
-I see.    

...and scatter your remains
all over the desert! 

Why are we sitting around
in the middle of an amusement park,    

like a bunch of idiots?    

That's right!    

This is...    

Jotaro! Mister Joestar!
Be on your guard!    

My memory's coming back.    

We're in a dream world.    

A horrible one.    

We've entered a world of nightmares!    

Oh, so it's just a dream.
You had me worried there.    

Don't make the same mistake I did!    

Listen!
Kakyoin was telling us the truth!    

Baby. Stand.    

We're in enemy territory.    

I didn't believe it either,
but that baby is a Stand user!    

There's no one left to wake you
from your slumber now. 

Which means,
they can't escape Death   ! 

I'll finally finish you all! 

I knocked Kakyoin out!    

He should already be here!    

We've gotta find him!    

Where are you, Kakyoin?    

I've got to make this up to you!    

Polnareff, good lord!
What is going on with your hair?    

Did you mess up brushing it?    

Eh?    

Polnareff!    

-What?
-My...    

My prosthetic hand is...    

Holy sh*t!    

How are we supposed to fight him?    

How?    

Anything can happen
in this world!    

There are no rules.
Nothing makes sense!    

He has total control
over everything!    

Wait.
I remember there being one rule.    

If he wants to slice us to pieces,    

he'll have to use his Stand,    

and nothing but his Stand!    

Lali-ho!    

 DEATH   
MANISHU BOOI    

Lali-ho!    

-Star...
-Jotaro, it's no use!    

It's impossible to bring
our Stands into the dream world!    

...Platinum!    

That's weird...
His Stand manifested.    

Lali-ho! I'm a fake!    

The overwhelming power!
The absolute terror!    

It's so much fun!    

A Stand is a manifestation
of the mind.    

And what are dreams
if not the mind laid bare?    

My Death    has trapped you
in your subconscious,    

which is why you can't
summon your Stands!    

But...    

had you summoned your Stands    

before you fell asleep,    

you could have
brought them with you,    

like the clothes you're wearing,    

sleeping bags,
and your prosthetic hand.    

Death    will never be forced
to face another Stand!    

And only a Stand
can defeat a Stand,    

so I'll always come out on top!    

Now...    

How about you give me a scream?    

One that captures
the joy and elation    

I'm about to feel
at my easy victory!    

Lali... ho?    

Lali-ho!    

Oh, it's just one
of the fakes I made.    

What?    

I don't understand!    

This one doesn't seem to be a fake!    

 This is the real Hierophant!    

It's normal!    

Look, it's Kakyoin!    

Kakyoin's right there!    

Did you forget I'd summoned
my Hierophant    

by the time I was
knocked unconscious?    

I had it burrow underground
to conceal itself.    

Before I fell asleep, of course.    

You can't do this!    

Now, it's time
for your punishment, baby.    

Damn that bastard! 

Let go!    

Give up, Death   !    

I had Hierophant place himself
in your blind spot.    

If you keep up
this futile struggling...    

I don't care that you're a baby.
I'll snap your neck!    

Kakyoin!    

Kakyoin.
We owe you an enormous apology.    

I thought you had lost your mind!    

I couldn't take you at your word.    

You were fighting
this battle alone.    

And for that I'm sorry.    

No, Polnareff.
It couldn't have been helped.    

I only realized how to bring
a Stand into the dream    

after you struck me with your fist.    

So in a way,
this is all thanks to you.    

Really?    

Now I feel conflicted
about the whole thing!    

That's embarrassing...    

He's going easy on me
because I'm a baby. 

Kakyoin, that compassion of yours
is a fatal flaw! 

You're all still trapped
in my nightmare world! 

Uh oh, what's up with these clouds?    

Those clouds...    

They're changing shape
and closing in!    

I'm warning you,
don't try anything,    

Death   !    

Kakyoin!    

You have to get Hierophant
away from his back!    

How did?    

I'll chop you in half!    

Impossible!    

How could he do that?    

He chopped himself in half.    

Kakyoin!    

Lali-ho!    

Haven't you figured it out?    

Death   's body is hollow!    

It has only a head,
arms, and a scythe! 

You gigantic ignoramuses! 

Let's see. 

Kakyoin's body
should also be split in two 

inside the sleeping bag. 

Nah, just kidding!    

Kakyoin!    

You sure you're all right?    

Please take a closer look.    

He wouldn't just cling
to its back forever.    

Surely you know my Hierophant's
not that careless.    

He's not chopped in half! 

He's turning into a string. 

And he's slithering into my ear! 

My arm is moving on its own.    

He's invading my skull.    

I told you before!    

My Stand was in your blind spot,
and your scythe couldn't cut him.    

Now then, unless you'd like
to be destroyed from the inside out,    

How about you heal
the cuts on my arm?    

Anything is possible
in a dream, right?    

Healing a cut should be easy.    

Right...    

All right, everyone.
Rise and shine!    

Polnareff, up and at 'em!    

There's a nice breakfast for you!    

I feel like I had a terrible dream.    

You and me both.    

I'm drawing a blank,
but I have the feeling it was terrifying.    

Kakyoin!    

-Are you okay?
-I'm fine.    

What?    

You were acting like
a deranged lunatic last night!    

You even carved letters
into your arm.    

Huh?    

The cuts are gone?    

All right, I think I'll change
the baby's diaper now.    

Huh?    

It's morning, sleepy head.    

He seems to be getting along
with the baby.    

Maybe I just dreamed
the whole thing...    

Well then,
did you have a good rest?    

Oh, never mind!    

Everyone's forgotten.    

A Stand whose very existence
is completely forgotten...    

What a strange creature.    

But I haven't forgotten anything.    

I suppose I am the only one
who brought his Stand into the dream.    

Listen.
Because you're just a baby,    

I won't eliminate you.
I won't even injure you.    

We'll take you to a nearby town.    

You need to be returned
to your mother.    

But don't ever come
anywhere near us again.    

If you do,
you'll have to be punished.    

In a manner such as this...    

Is that my poop? 

Oh, Kakyoin.    

I see you've made some
baby food for the little lad!    

Yes.    

Good! I'm sure he must be
starving by now.    

Hey... No, you wouldn't... 

Eat up!
These yum-yums are delicious!    

Say ah!    

Again? It's as if he doesn't
like the stuff...    

At this rate,
I'll have to force-feed him.    

Stop! 

Hey, Mister Joestar.    

If you force-feed him,
he'll hate it even more.    

In special cases like this...    

Coochie-coochie-coo...    

I told you it's delicious!    

Ba-dum-tss.    

 HIEROPHANT GREEN
NORIAKI KAKYOIN    

Joestar and the others have now
crossed the Arabian Peninsula, 

and are currently making
their way across 

the Red Sea as they prepare
to enter Egypt. 

But! 

Hey, old man. Something's off.    

We're going the wrong direction.    

I thought we were traveling west,
straight to Egypt?    

Looks like we're heading
for that island.    

Yeah, you're right.    

I've had my reasons
for keeping this to myself,    

but before we arrive in Egypt,
we need to make a slight detour.    

Someone is waiting
for us on the island.    

He's someone important
to our journey.    

"Someone important"?    

I'm the one who let Avdol die. 

There's no way
I can make up for that. 

To thank you for freeing me
from the lamp... 

It's an actual treasure! 

...I'll grant you three wishes! 

Can you bring someone back to life?
Previously on
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure... 

Hey, old man.
Something's not right.  

We're going in the wrong direction.  

It looks like we're heading
for that island.  

But before we arrive in Egypt,
we need to make a slight detour.  

Someone is waiting for us.  

He is a man who is extremely
important to our journey.  

An important man?  

Hey, what's the big deal?
Does someone actually live here?   

This is such a tiny island,
it's practically deserted.   

Agreed.   

Mr. Joestar,
are you sure someone lives here?   

He's been living on
this island by himself.   

A man told me back in India.   

Huh? When you say a "man to--"   

What?! Mangos from India?   

 EPISODE   :
JUDGEMENT, PART     

Hey!   

Somebody's watching us
from the bushes.   

What?   

Hey!   

From the back, he looks...   

Right. I know that face!   

Hold on! Just wait!   

Eat up, now.   

Are you hungry, Michael?
How about you Prince?   

I mixed in your favorite,
crushed sea shells, just for you!   

There's more over here.   

Make sure to get nice and fat,   

so you'll be a tasty chicken,
Lionel.   

It's not possible... That man...   

It can't be...   

It can't be!   

I'll go and talk with him.   

The rest of you,
just wait here for now.   

My name is Joseph Joestar.   

My friends and I are traveling
on expedition to Egypt--   

Go away! I won't hear it!   

His voice sounds like...   

Don't talk to me!   

It's always bad news
when someone comes to talk to me!   

It's only when something terrible
has happened!   

I don't want to hear it!   

I said go!   

Mr. Avdol!   

Avdol...   

Go away!   

That's...   

impossible!   

That wasn't Avdol.   

It was his father.   

His father?   

He withdrew from society,
and lives alone on this island.   

I'm sorry I wasn't able to tell you
sooner...   

but if it ever came known to Dio
that we stopped at this place,   

Avdol's father would be put
in grave danger.   

I would never forgive myself
if that happened.   

But...   

telling him what happened
to his son...   

won't be easy...   

Polnareff! 

Avdol's death wasn't your fault.   

No, it's entirely my fault.   

I'll carry that burden
for as long as I live.   

Is it safe to assume
his father is a Stand user?   

Yes, but I don't know
what sort of Stand it is.   

Judging from his father's
reaction to us,   

I doubt he'll offer us
much assistance.   

You just leave the talking to me.   

Hopefully my words
will be able to reach him.   

All I wanted was to avenge
my sister's death.   

And I end up k*lling my friend.   

There's nothing I could possibly do
to make it up to his father...   

Talk about depressing...   

This thing is pretty shiny.   

I wonder if it came
from a ship wreck?   

Just look at all these barnacles.   

Looks like some sort of
metal container...   

It's got some sort of
weird face carved into it.   

It might be worth something.   

Now, if I can scratch off
these barnacles.   

What the...   

It's gone!   

What in the world
happened just now?   

Guess the pressurized air
inside just burst out.   

It's not like it's Aladdin's
magic lamp or anything...   

That really startled me!   

You get three!   

Three I say!   

Your wish is my command!   

Three wishes for whatever
your heart desires.   

What sort of fresh hell is this?   

I am known as Cameo.   

Allow me to thank you for
freeing me from the lamp.   

Now name three wishes
you'd like to come true...   

So another Stand user!   

Silver Chariot!   

This guy's not half bad. 

What awesome power... 

Listen buddy!    

Your strength tells me,
your user is close by!    

Now who is it?    

Would you like the answer
to that question    

to be considered
as your first wish?    

It's a little on the boring side,
if you ask me.    

Don't pull that
"Genie in the bottle" crap with me!    

Are you saying you could
make me rich right now?    

Huh?    

Is that your first wish?    

Let's see you do it!    

Stop jerking me around, damn it!    

Very well.
Your wish shall be granted.    

Wha...    

What was all that about?    

Was that thing a Stand
or wasn't it? 

He's a strange one. 

He didn't att*ck me,
but told me to make three wishes. 

I don't know what's going on,
but I don't trust this guy. 

Someone shady is on this island. 

I should tell Mr. Joestar
about what just happened.    

It could have something to do
with Avdol's father...    

That's weird...    

What's up with all that
loud clanging back there...    

Is this for real?
But it can't be!    

This is gold from
the Napoleonic era.    

This isn't a dream or an illusion.    

It's the real thing.
A treasure trove of gold!    

Are you mocking me or something?    

No... Can't be.    

When could he have buried
this gold here?    

No way he had time to bury it
after I made my wish. 

How the hell did
that freak do all this? 

Now, what is your second wish?    

Your wish is my command.    

Bastard!    

Why are you doing this?
What are you scheming?    

I'm not falling for
your stupid tricks!    

If you're my enemy,
then fight me like one!    

If not, I'll take this treasure
for myself.    

I take it knowing the answer to
that question is your second wish?    

Though, it's a little on the boring side,
if you ask me.    

But I owe you for
letting me out of that lamp,    

so I shall grant your wish.    

You smug bastard!    

All right then... I do have a wish...    

I want to be a comic artist!    

That was always my dream
when I was a kid!    

I wanna be bigger than Disney!    

Not some starving artist!    

I'm gonna build
my own Polnareff-land!    

Wait, scratch that.    

Just give me a second.    

Any minute now... It'll come to me...    

I want a girlfriend!    

More than money or fame...    

I want true love!    

Not only someone who's really cute,    

but a relationship connected by
the red string of love...    

I want to meet a girl    

who feels the same way about me
as I do about her!    

So grant that if you can, damn it!    

You want a girl, do you?
Very well.    

Wait, no, never mind!
I need more time.    

The deceased...    

Can you bring them back?    

From the dead?    

Am I to assume your wanting to know    

the answer to that question
is your second wi--    

Enough already!    

I'm asking you to bring
my dead sister back to life!    

And you can do the same
for my friend Avdol!    

But that's just too much
for you, right?    

Very well.    

I shall grant your wish.    

What?    

 SILVER CHARIOT
JEAN PIERRE POLNAREFF    

So you can really... do it?    

Indeed.
But since you made two wishes,    

I'll grant them
in the order you asked.    

First, I will grant
your second wish    

to bring back your sister.    

Hail to you!    

Hold it! Who the hell are you?    

Why are you--    

What was that sound?    

I'm sure I heard
something rustling...    

It sounded like someone
was digging up the ground...    

There's that weird digging again!    

Where's the sound coming from?    

No... it can't be!    

Is that a woman crying?    

All right, who's there?    

These are...    

These are strands of hair...    

A woman's hair.    

A woman's footsteps...    

Impossible!    

There's no way...
This can't be happening...    

My little sister is still in
her coffin back in France...    

Just who the hell are you?    

Answer me, now!    

Please... stay away...    

I'm in so much pain...    

My body hasn't fully formed...    

I know that voice...    

Sherry!    

Hey, where'd Polnareff get off to?    

I couldn't find him up top.    

It's already nightfall,
and he's nowhere to be seen.    

You don't think he ran into the enemy,
do you?    

Sherry...    

Is it you?    

It is you, isn't it?    

Where are you going?    

Where are you going, Sherry?    

Wait Sherry! It's only me!    

Sherry, why are you running away?    

Come on, Sherry, please,
show yourself!    

Please, Sherry, wait!    

Let me see your face...
Let me see it one more time...    

Brother!    

Higher, brother!
Raise me as high as you can!    

Yay! Now spin me around!    

Oh, it's simply wonderful!    

I've been wanting a new umbrella.    

Thank you for buying it for me.    

I'm off, now.    

Sherry!    

What... the hell happened here?    

They've been half eaten!    

Sherry!    

Can you hear me?
Why are you running away?    

It's me, your big brother!    

Because... my body is covered in dirt...    

And my hair... It's so unkempt...    

It's okay, Sherry!
Don't worry about that!    

You're perfect just as you are.    

Why are you crying?    

Why are you sad, Sherry?    

Sherry...    

No.    

Just stay back.    

Don't come any closer!    

What are you saying?
You're not making any sense!    

It's simple...    

I'm saying you'll hate me.    

Hate you?    

Have I ever told you
that I hate you?    

Yes.    

When we were kids...    

When I gave your favorite
tropical fish to the cat...    

You got really mad,
and said you hated me.    

I admit I was angry that day,    

but I've always loved you
more than anything!    

I still do!    

Really?    

You've always loved me?    

Yes, of course I have!    

You'll love me, no matter what?    

I love you, no matter what.    

And I can clearly see now
you're the real Sherry.    

You have no idea how much
I've missed you!    

I see...    

I feel the same, big brother.    

Sherry, please look this way.    

Show me
that beautiful face of yours.    

Why are you crying?
Are you still sad?    

Sad?    

No, Brother.    

These aren't tears of sadness.    

What is it then...    

I'm...    

I'm happy, brother...    

cause I can finally eat you!    

Chariot!    

Sher... ry...    

I'm sorry that I bit you, brother.    

I'm afraid my body's
still underdeveloped.    

But if I eat your flesh,
I'll return to normal.    

It's OK if I eat you, right?    

You always did what I asked you to.    

Cameo!    

You rang?    

You bastard!    

What? Do you have a complaint?    

I granted your wish, didn't I?    

Granting wishes is my power,
after all.    

The rest is up to you.    

Then I'll tell you
my third wish!    

Make my sister...    

Make my sister...    

Let my sister rest in peace!
Return her to her grave!    

I don't think so!    

What?    

You still don't get it,
do you Polnareff?    

I'm a Stand!    

I'm the Stand represented by
the Judgement card!    

 I extract wishes from the deepest
corners of the human mind,    

and manifest them
from the soil below.    

You created your sister
from your own yearning!    

How dare you...    

And since you created her,
I cannot undo it.    

This match goes to me!    

By the way...    

I recall you saying something
about a third wish,    

but you've already made    

your third wish.    

You...    

You don't mean him...    

When a man wishes from the heart, 

all of his greatest weaknesses
come to light. 

-Because of you, I...
-Avdol, I... 

I never thought you'd be this hurt. 

I'll get better if I eat, right? 

Anything but the third wish...
Quite the traumatic experience,
isn't it?  

Being eaten alive
by your very own sister.  

When a man uncovers
his deepest desires,  

all of his weaknesses
are laid bare.  

You gave nary a thought
to the depraved nature  

of bringing someone back to life.  

Everyone wants to believe
that their loved ones  

are still alive somewhere.  

You hope that they'll
suddenly pop in tomorrow   

and say, "Good morning."   

By the way...   

You said something
about a third wish,   

but, if I'm not mistaken,
you've already made said wish.   

You mean...   

You wished for Avdol
to come back to life!   

Hail to you!   

No... He's… 

Avdol!   

 Av... dol...   

 My fingers...   

They've crumbled to pieces.   

Polnareff!   

I blame you for this!   

Because of your bumbling, I...   

I ended up like this!   

Avdol... I... 

I made you... 

I...   

You'll pay for this, Polnareff.   

And you'll do it with...   

your flesh!   

I'll get better if I eat, right?   

Right?   

Big brother!   

What's the matter, brother?   

Stay away from me!   

Both of you...
Please go back to your graves!   

Why? You're the one
who brought us back.   

The time has come for you
to enter your grave!   

I was so panicked
I forgot to summon Chariot. 

How could I've been
so caught up in my wish 

that I neglected to use my Stand? 

Leave me alone!   

Get away from me!   

What?   

"Please"? Oh no!   

You don't have any wishes left!   

I've already granted
your three wishes.   

You don't get any more!   

Stop it!   

Hail to you!   

Go ahead. Writhe and scream
to your heart's content!   

You're in the middle of nowhere.   

Your friends by the shore
won't hear you.   

No one can save you now!   

It's no use. This is the end... 

I'm going to die. I'm finished. 

Sherry... 

Avdol... 

I suppose it's what I deserve. 

It's only fitting. 

Avdol, it's like you said,
you d*ed because of my actions. 

And so... I've accepted my fate. 

What... 

My vision must be going.
I'm seeing double. 

It looks like there are two Avdols. 

Of course there's not another one. 

If I'm seeing things,
guess it means the end is near. 

The blood loss is taking its toll... 

I'm hallucinating. 

All right... This is it. 

I'll have to tap out early. 

Goodbye, Mr. Joestar,
Kakyoin, Jotaro... 

I pray for your victory. 

As for you, Avdol... 

I'll atone in the next world... 

What? Impossible!   

I was right!
I knew I saw another Avdol!   

My eyes weren't playing tricks!   

Besides the dust and dirt version...   

There's another Avdol!   

Magician's Red!   

But how? He's supposed to be dead!   

He was stabbed by
the Hanged Man, Centerfold!   

How the hell is he alive?   

Tsk.   

Mohammed Avdol!   

Yes, I am!   

Is it really you?   

Tsk.   

Tsk.   

Is it the real you?   

Polnareff,
you haven't changed in the slightest.   

You still lose all common sense
when it comes to your sister.   

No!   

You're supposed to be dead!   

Hanged Man sunk
his blade into your back,   

and Hol Horse put a b*llet
between your eyes,   

k*lling you on the spot!    

You're correct about my being sh*t.
Right in the forehead...    

But because I was stabbed
in the back, for a moment,    

my face was looking up,
and the b*llet only grazed me. 

I suppose this is what one
would call a blessing in disguise.    

Hol Horse's b*llet broke my skin,
scraping my skull.    

It didn't reach my brain.
It only grazed me.    

But I did completely
lose consciousness.    

So you call yourself Cameo
of the Judgement card?    

Hell is near, so prepare!    

Hell to you!    

I know it was only the third wish,
but still...    

It's really him.    

It came true!    

JUDGEMENT
CAMEO    

Mohammed Avdol is indeed
alive and well.    

I would call this bad news.    

Shouldn't you scurry away
to inform Dio    

and your fellow Stand user
compatriots about my return?    

Well, shouldn't you, Cameo?    

That's right! I have to tell them!
I have to let them know! 

Mr. Joestar, Kakyoin, and Jotaro! 

This is very surprising news,
to be sure.    

But I can spin it this way:    

Not only did Judgement's Cameo
slay the idiot Polnareff.    

He also succeeded
in eliminating Avdol,    

who was actually alive!    

I can't wait to tell them
the splendid news!    

Magician's Red!    

Whoa, there.    

Avdol!    

The Stand... It's far more powerful
than I expected.    

Careful!    

It's not just his power.
He's got incredible speed, too!    

Come now, Avdol,
is that the extent of your abilities?    

It appears sharing my news
will be even easier than expected.    

May fortune...    

be with you both!    

What?    

Hail to you!    

Big brother...    

No. My Sherry...    

Sherry... d*ed.    

You're...    

nothing but...    

a hunk of dirt!    

But brother...    

Polnareff.    

Apologies.    

I take back what I said
about you not changing.    

No, you were right.    

I'm the one who should apologize.    

This battle has
already been decided.    

Avdol!
I'd like to hear your three wishes!    

Your wish is my command!    

Until I put you to rest
for good, that is!    

Go ahead!
You may as well give it a sh*t.    

As I said, you get three wishes.    

Bastard! He's making fools of us!    

Just ignore him, Avdol!    

You don't have to make any wishes!    

Avdol, are you listening to me?    

No good...    

I want four wishes!    

Wha...    

What?    

My wishes. Can't you hear?    

I wish that I had four wishes.    

Tsk.    

You can't be serious...    

Are you denying my wish?    

Cameo, you're the one
who offered them!    

I'm going to make sure
you keep your promise!    

You still insist upon
this futile contest of power?    

Your kicks are nothing!    

What?    

That's the way! Super!    

Tsk.    

My first wish was to make you
cry out in agony.    

And it came true.    

This is madness! Your strength!    

You're so much stronger!    

The laceration the Hanged Man
left on my back...    

hasn't completely healed yet.    

I was guarding
my wound from as*ault,    

and had to hold myself back some.    

Wha...    

I was finally able to stand again
only three days ago in India.    

But since I took a plane here,
the trip was rather easy.    

That's, Avdol! Still the best!    

Now, for my second wish...    

I wish for you to
cry out in utter terror!    

Now for my third wish...    

Cry in regret!    

That bastard! He's running away!    

Wait, damn it! Get back here!    

Shh. Polnareff, quiet...    

With that kind of power and speed...    

given the rule of Stands...    

the user must be hiding
somewhere nearby.    

Is he here? 

He should be hiding out
very close to us. 

-Hey, could that be...
-Shh!    

The Stand user
is hiding underground? 

Why you! 

You're gonna pay... 

How dare you use my sister?
Time to show you hell! 

Hell to you! 

Bastard! 

I can think of
a few things to drop in...    

Like dirt and sand...    

A spider...    

Ants too...    

And a match.    

Bastard! I hope you're ready.
Your suffering has barely g*n!    

Hey, Polnareff.    

I think I need to
go to the bathroom.    

Come on! How 'bout it, my friend?    

Shall we engage in the timeless
ritual of male bonding?    

Tsk.    

Huh?    

Somehow I made it
out of that mess alive.    

Come on, Polnareff!
Let me hear you laugh!    

Laugh, my friend!    

Avdol... It seems like
you're the one who's changed.    

You would've never thought
of doing something so perverse.    

This isn't a result of you
being sh*t in the head, is it?    

That's it! Aim that thing!    

Right!    

Please forgive me!    

Finally, my fourth wish. It's...    

to not grant you a single one
of your pitiful wishes.    

My magician's Red forgives no one.    

Especially you.    

Ba-dum-tss!    

 MAGICIAN'S RED
MOHAMMED AVDOL    

Hey! You guys'll never believe it!    

Guess who I just ran into?    

Polnareff!
We've been worried about you!    

How did you get those injuries?    

Was it an enemy?    

Who cares about my wounds?    

Ready?
Now don't be too shocked, Jotaro!    

Promise you won't throw
your back out in surprise, Kakyoin!    

Who do you think I met out there,
Mr. Joestar?    

Prepare to be blown away!    

Tum-ta-da-da!    

Here he is!    

That sly bastard Avdol
was still alive!    

Doo-do-doo!    

Well, we should probably get going.    

Here, allow me to help you
carry your luggage.    

Hey, Avdol.    

How ya been doing?    

Avdol, is that wound on your back
healing up all right?    

It's fine.
I'm still a bit stiff, but...    

Hey...    

Has it really been two weeks?    

-We're lucky to
-Hey...    

all be alive.    

Jotaro, you're still
wearing your uniform?    

Don't you ever get hot?    

Hey, just hold up a second, guys!    

I told you to hold on a second,
you assholes!    

What's with those
laissez-faire attitudes?    

A man we thought was dead is alive!    

How can you just brush it off
like nothing ever happened?    

Oh, sorry about that, Polnareff.    

When I told you
I buried Avdol in India...    

I may have lied.    

What?    

Mr. Joestar and Jotaro
were the ones    

who tended to the wounds on
my head and back in India.    

You assholes have known Avdol
was alive this whole time,    

and you didn't tell me?    

Kakyoin, you, too?    

I only found out
the day after it all happened.    

It was imperative to not let
the enemy know.    

You have a big mouth,
so I suggested...    

Sorry, since you can
never tell a lie,    

I suggested we keep it
a secret from you.    

If you'd let the secret slip,    

Avdol wouldn't have been
able to recuperate in peace.    

We were planning to tell you
as soon as we knew he was safe,    

but we didn't think
you'd run into him first.    

Oh, yeah, Avdol!    

Your dad's on this island!    

Let's tell him you're here!    

Oh, that was just me in disguise.    

Say what?    

Then all that was for show?    

Go away!    

It's always bad news when
someone comes to talk to me!    

I don't want to hear it!    

Avdol's death wasn't your fault.    

You didn't have to go that far!    

How dare you leave me
out of the loop?    

Now, now.
There's no reason to cry.    

I'm sorry.
I didn't think you'd be this hurt.    

I apologize as well.    

But I had a very good reason for
coming to this island in disguise.    

Yeah, what?    

It was partially so the enemy
wouldn't find out,    

but I also had Avdol
do some shopping for me.    

What kind of shopping?    

It was a very
conspicuous acquisition.    

So I disguised myself
as a wealthy Arab gentleman.    

All right, everyone!
Let's climb aboard and head out!    

Polnareff, cheer up already.
Come on.    

It's almost here!    

What's almost here?    

I don't see anything...    

What?    

A submarine?    

That's right! From here on out,
we're riding to Egypt in this!    

You've gotta be kidding!
How'd you afford this?    

How about this glistening design? 

A submarine, huh... 

Perhaps a refreshing white
would be best. 

Hurry up and make some coffee. 

I just don't know
which one to pick. 

Kakyoin, why are you
taking that cup? 

Hello? Oh, is that you, Joseph?
Previously on
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure... 

Tum-ta-da-da!  

Here he is!  

That sly bastard Avdol
was still alive!  

Doo-do-doo!  

Mr. Joestar and Jotaro
were the ones  

who tended to the wounds
on my head back in India.  

I also had Avdol
do some shopping for me.  

From here on out,
we're riding to Egypt in this!   

You've got to be kidding!
How'd you afford this?   

 EPISODE   :
THE HIGH PRIESTESS, PART     

The Red Sea. 

It's what divers
across the globe have called 

the most beautiful sea
in the world. 

Flanked on the east and west
by desert, 

it was once believed to be
surrounded by crimson sands. 

Today, it's general
lack of pollution 

and inflowing river water
make its waters pristine. 

Avdol, do you know
how to steer this thing?   

Tsk.
It's no problem whatsoever.   

And Avdol's not the only one!   

Don't even think about it.   

You're not putting us
through another crash.   

You sure seem to be
in a foul mood!   

So this is a submarine...   

I have to say, I'm a bit surprised.   

It's a lot more spacious
than I expected.   

Isn't it? Rich folks use them when
they want to get away for a while   

and explore the sea floor
for pleasure.   

As you see, it even has windows.   

-Oh! Nice!
-Whoa there!   

You know, I've always sort of
liked this kind of thing.   

Though, I wish I could've
ridden in one with a cute girl...   

Once again,
you haven't changed, Polnareff.   

Can you try just this once
to take things seriously?   

What's that?   

This is sonar.   

It uses reflected sound waves   

to detect underwater objects,
like radar.   

Wow...   

All clear.   

I'm not picking up anything
in our vicinity.   

With this machine, we can detect
anyone trying to att*ck us,   

from any direction.   

But if someone did
att*ck us in here,   

we'd have nowhere to run.   

Don't forget, we are    meters
below sea level.   

 It is amazing...   

But I guess it is
a cruiser for the wealthy.   

It has a refrigerator,
coffee maker...   

It's even equipped with
the latest in satellite phones.   

Hey, Kakyoin, get me a drink
while you're up, will ya?   

I'm dying of thirst here.   

-I'll take one, too.
-All right.   

Is cola okay?   

Old man.   

Why are you just standing there?   

Men, I need you to give me
a moment of quiet.   

I just remembered I need to
make a phone call.   

A phone call? To where?   

Who would you need to call
from all the way down here?   

Someone important, I assure you.   

You might even call it
a delicate matter.   

Again, I need you all to be quiet.   

Oh, heaven's me...
Which one should I pick?   

The sparkly design
is much more to my liking,   

 but is it appropriate for
the charity event tomorrow?   

Perhaps a refreshing white
would be better...   

Oh, what do you think, Rosas?   

Both of the gowns
look lovely on you, Madam.   

Coming!   

Hello?   

Oh, Joseph, darling, it's you!   

Where have you been?
And where are you calling from?   

It's a bit...   

hard to hear you. 

Right, sorry... I'm at a hotel.   

I hate to say it, but...   

I have to attend some
unexpected business that's come up.   

Oh, goodness. It must be difficult 

traveling to another country
right after going to Japan... 

It's been nearly a month,
hasn't it? 

Yes. I'm sorry.   

By the way, Suzie...   

Have you spoken to Holly?   

Yes, I just spoke to her
on the phone yesterday. 

She mentioned catching a cold 

that's developed into
a bout of pneumonia. 

She tried convincing me
it's not serious, 

but I think I might visit her. 

No, don't. There's no need for that.   

I'm positive she'll
recover quickly.   

-You're such a worrywart...
-This is what he meant by "delicate"?   

Indeed. Madam Joestar   

is still as effervescent as ever.   

So he checks in now and again   

to ensure she doesn't visit
Miss Holly in Japan.   

That way she's protected from the truth.   

Are you saying that she...?    

I am.    

She hasn't been told anything.    

We needn't worry her unnecessarily.    

There's nothing to worry about.    

Well, if you say so....    

All right, I understand!    

I'll hold off on going to Japan!    

By the way, Joseph,
I have something I need to ask you.    

I'm having difficulty
deciding between    

the white dress and the purple one...    

Is that so?
Suzie, I need to speak to Rosas.    

-What?
-Madam.    

Have you considered wearing
your blue dress?    

I think it's in
the back of the closet.    

That's right.
I'll go and have a look.    

Hello, Master Joseph. It's me.    

Where's Suzie? 

She's left the room, sir.    

She won't overhear
our conversation now.    

I see... 

Actually, I'm calling
from the submarine    

we spoke of a while back.    

Then I take it you were successful
in reuniting with Master Avdol? 

Yes.    

Now then, tell me about
how Holly's doing.    

Have you gotten hold of the doctors
from the Speedwagon Foundation? 

Well, actually...    

On the phone, Miss Holly says
she has nothing more than a cold. 

She is quite insistent... 

But her condition worsens
by the day. 

Master Joseph! 

Don't you think the time has come
to tell Madam Joestar the truth? 

No. 

There's no need
to get her riled up. 

We are going to put
an end to all this very soon. 

I want Holly to go back 

to her normal life. 

Don't inform my wife of what's
going on under any circumstances. 

I'll call again soon. 

If that is what you wish.    

I pray for your safe return.    

Oh, Rosas, did you hang up already?
I wasn't finished talking to him!    

Oh, Madam...    

It's no matter.
Why don't we have some tea?    

You will join me for a cup,
won't you, Rosas?    

-Oh?
-Madam!    

Don't trouble yourself.
Allow me to serve the tea to you.    

Really?    

I'm sorry you have to do that,
Mr. Joestar.    

But you can rest easy,
'cause we're right here behind you.    

We'll be in Egypt
before you know it!    

We must defeat Dio
as soon as we can,    

and save Miss Holly from his curse.    

I have returned from the brink,
for this very reason!    

Thanks, you guys, really.    

Driving this is
actually pretty easy!    

Guess that's how you were
making it look so simple, Avdol.    

For Pete's sake!    

Hey, don't get so carried away!    

The sea is riddled
with potential hazards!    

Yeah, yeah.    

All right!
Let's speed this tub up a b--    

Polnareff!    

I had nothing to do with that!    

I'm so tired.
Tell me we're almost there...    

One, two, three, four, five...    

Oh, exactly five cups in here.    

Hey!    

Hurry up and make the coffee, man!
I want some now!    

Make it yourself!    

Good news! I've just spotted
the coast of Africa!    

We'll be there soon!    

Near this coral reef,    

lies a natural undersea channel.    

The exit is
two hundred meters inland.    

We can surface there.    

We've finally made it to Egypt.    

It took long enough.    

So this is Egypt...    

Yes, we have arrived.    

-What's so funny?
-Nothing.    

I'm just feeling sort of happy,
that's all.    

It's been a while
since the five of us    

were all gathered
together like this.    

Hey, Kakyoin.    

Why'd you grab six cups
for five people?    

That's peculiar.
I guess I didn't notice.    

I could have sworn it was five...    

-Wh--
-What?    

-Old man!
-Mr. Joestar!    

Impossible!    

It's a Stand!    

I don't know how,
but it managed to sneak on board!    

-Now it's gone!
-No, it didn't!    

It transformed!    

It disguised itself
as one of the gauges!    

Just like with the coffee cup!    

Come again?    

The coral reef!    

And we were a few     meters
from reaching Egypt!    

Luckily, it looks like Mr. Joestar
was only knocked unconscious.    

The problem is his hand.    

The phone?    

Who'd be calling us now?    

Ignore it, Polnareff!    

We have to stay focused!    

It's the High Priestess.    

Our enemy is using a deadly Stand
called The High Priestess.    

So you know it well?    

Somewhat.    

The name of this particular
Stand user is Rose.    

She has the ability to control
her Stand from far away,    

so she's most likely on land.    

What's its power?    

It can turn into almost
any inanimate object,    

as long as it comes from a mineral.    

Plastics, metal, glass, or vinyl.    

There's no way to recognize it,
until it decides to att*ck.    

But how'd it sneak aboard
in the first place?    

I get it now,
so that's how it did it.    

How simple...
It cut a hole and moseyed on in?    

The ballast t*nk are damaged!    

We're sinking even faster!    

Not to mention we're losing oxygen!    

We can't go on like this!    

Shut up! Whoever's calling
has horrible timing!    

Jotaro?    

Hey! Anything we touch
could be the--    

Hi again, Joseph, it's me! 

We weren't finished with
our conversation,    

so I made Rosas give me the number.    

Why aren't you speaking? 

Come to think of it, what's with
all the ruckus over there? 

Is that a... siren I'm hearing? 

And that running water...
Is your bathtub overflowing? 

Sorry, but the old man
can't come to the phone.    

I know that voice... Is that you...    

Jotaro? Where's Joseph? 

You should be in Japan. 

Why are you with your grandfather? 

Jotaro, answer me!    

There's nothin' to worry about,
Grandma Suzie. 

He'll be fine.
I'm right here with him.    

Later. 

We'll call back
once things calm down. 

Jotaro!    

Brace yourselves!
We're about to hit the bottom!    

Oh my God!    

I knew this would happen!    

Every vehicle we use
gets destroyed!    

I'm never riding in
a submarine again.    

HIGH PRIESTESS
ROSE    

How strange...    

I was getting through a moment ago.    

It's as though
the line's suddenly gone dead.    

But...    

And why was Jotaro... 

Hey, the oxygen's
getting thin in here.    

Kakyoin.    

Did you catch
which one of the gauges    

the Stand merged with?    

It looked like
it turned into this one.    

That's not it! Jotaro!    

It's already moved!    

It's right behind Kakyoin!    

Hierophant Green!    

Kakyoin!    

Everyone, head for the door!    

It's traveling across
the machines' surface!    

You say that, but...    

If we stay in this room,    

there's a very good chance
we won't survive!    

Kakyoin, are you all right?    

Yes...    

Everyone, get to the next room!    

We'll seal the room off,
and trap it inside!    

There's no way!    

It already moved to the door
and transformed into the wheel...    

I have to let go
before it's too late! 

Its claws were
able to slice through 

Mr. Joestar's prosthetic hand... 

What?    

Yes! We got it!    

That was close...    

Apparently, our little friend here
isn't as fast as Star Platinum.    

So, what should we do with it?    

Jotaro, what are you waiting for!    

Show no mercy!    

Hurry up and
rip its little head off!    

Aye-aye, sir.    

That bastard...    

It turned into a freakin' razor!    

Damn...    

It's strong!    

I can't believe
it outsmarted Jotaro!    

What an enemy...    

What the hell is going on?    

Whatever's happening here,
I'm pretty sure we're in a pinch.    

Shut up, old man!    

The beast will att*ck us
if we touch it.    

Meaning we must use
our Stands instead!    

Magician's Red!    

Silver Chariot!    

It's a tough one!    

Chariot's rapier
can't pierce its armor!    

Pick up the pace!    

We have to att*ck
before it gets away!    

Everyone, stand back!    

There's still some
oxygen over here.    

It's going to run out soon!    

-Are you all right?
-Yeah.    

Forget it, Jotaro!
It'll only transform again.    

We're taking on water fast,
so we need to trap that thing!    

We'll figure out
how to fight it then!    

Know that it'll be Jotaro Kujo    

who'll hammer you
into a bloody pulp.    

What did you say?    

Jotaro, why in the hell would you
answer a call from Suzie?    

Damn it... You really
shouldn't have done that!    

Whatever....    

We'll talk about it
when we get out of this mess.    

Leave everything to me!    

Do you have a plan?    

You bet... And it's a brilliant one.    

Joseph Joestar has gotten through
situations like this    

more than once in his life!    

I can't begin to understand why
Jotaro is with Joseph?    

Has Joseph said anything?    

No, Ma'am...    

Though... My heart jumped with joy
to hear that boy's voice.    

I heard he's been
quite the handful,    

but deep down he's a sweet child
who cares very much for his family.    

I'm sure he's helping Joseph
as much as he can.    

Yes, Madam. 

Master Jotaro and Master Joseph
are most likely 

in the midst of battling
a common enemy as we speak. 

They're fighting
to save Miss Holly, 

someone very dear to them, 

from a curse of unbridled evil. 

What do we do now?    

I have a feeling
that devil of a Stand    

isn't really the one trapped here.    

Sooner or later, that monster'll
cut its way out of that room 

and catch up to us! 

Being sealed off with
all this machinery    

makes us sitting ducks in here!    

The submarine is done for!    

We need to abandon ship and escape!    

We'll have to find
some other way to Egypt!    

We're    meters below sea level!    

It doesn't sound that bad,    

but how are we supposed to
get out of here?    

We're really gonna scuba dive?    

I've never done anything like this...    

Hurry everyone!
Suit up on the double!    

Good grief.    

I just realized I won't be able to
suit up in time    

with this busted hand.    

Help me out, Jotaro.    

Do it yourself.    

First of all,
make sure not to panic. 

The ocean floor is so beautiful... 

If it's OK, you'll do this... 

If we're in trouble, do this. 

I think I'd like to see
your face sometime.
Anyone else getting nervous?  

Try to stay calm.  

Times like these require us
to keep our heads on straight  

and be prepared.  

Putting this stuff on with one hand
is a lot harder than it looks.  

So has anyone ever
scuba dived before?  

Not me.  

-No.
-I haven't.  

The High Priestess will
break through any moment!   

You have to teach us
how to dive now!   

Try and calm yourself, Avdol.   

You must never panic,
no matter what.   

This is the most important rule
when scuba diving.   

When you're underwater,   

for every ten meters
you go below the surface,   

the corresponding pressure
increases along with you.   

The surface pressure
starts at one atmosphere.   

We're    meters below
the surface right now,   

so we'll endure
five atmospheres of pressure.   

If we surface too quickly,   

the pressure'll cause our lungs
and blood vessels to burst.   

We have to rise slowly
so our bodies can adjust.   

We're nearing the Egyptian coast.   

It's best to ascend
along the sea floor.   

OK...   

I'm letting the water in.   

You're looking at a regulator.   

The valve inside allows air in from
the t*nk only when you inhale.   

The air you breathe out exists
through the piece on the left.   

What about spit?   

What happens if I need to drool
or hock a loogie or something?   

That stuff comes out
the opening here.   

And, this should go without saying,
but we can't talk underwater.   

Instead, we'll use hand signals.   

Let's keep things simple
and use two.   

When things are going smoothly,
we'll use this to say "OK."   

When they aren't, use this.   

Mr. Joestar, couldn't we just
use our Stands to communicate?   

Oh yeah, I didn't think about that.   

Aww, man! And I was about to say
I know a really good hand signal.   

He says,
"Your underwear is showing."   

Yeah!   

We could be att*cked
and k*lled at any moment!   

Stop fooling around and let's go!   

This room is about to be
filled to the brim with water.   

Put your masks and regulators on.   

Polnareff!   

 EPISODE   :
THE HIGH PRIESTESS, PART     

 When did...   

The Stand had already integrated
with the regulator!   

That bastard...   

It's gonna rip him apart
from the inside!   

sh*t!   

Drain the room!   

It's too late!   

It must have been lying in wait
for just this moment!   

Crap!   

It managed to burrow
inside Polnareff!   

It'll tear out his guts!   

What should we do?   

Hierophant Green!   

Hermit Purple!   

Hey...   

I grabbed it before it went
too far down his throat!   

Me, too!   

Let's pull it out
before it transforms!   

Success!   

All right, keep it just like that!   

Look!   

It's transforming
into something else!   

You've got to be kidding me!
It turned into a spear g*n!   

Emerald Splash!   

Silver Chariot!   

Let's get moving!   

It's already reloading!   

It doesn't quit!   

Hurry!   

Move it, old man!   

Yeah, I'm coming!   

That was too close...   

It's too soon for us to relax.   

The bastard knows exactly
how to hit us where it hurts most.   

Polnareff, you all right?   

Yeah, I'll be fine...   

You guys saved me back there.   

Merci beaucoup. 

Just look at how beautiful
it is down here.   

This would've made a spectacular
place to visit on vacation.   

Plan your next getaway
another time!   

We have to surface before
we run out of oxygen.   

Think we're safe?   

I believe so.   

The High Priestess can transform
into metals and glass,   

but it can't take the form
of bubbles or fish.   

Just keep your eyes peeled.   

If it pursues us,   

it'll probably transform into
a screw on our gear.   

Be careful of moving pebbles
and stones, too.   

Look! I think it's the sea tunnel!    

We're at seven meters.    

We've finally reached
the Egyptian shore!    

We can swim along these rocks
to the surface!    

What?    

Is that the...    

It's the Stand!
It merged with the sea floor!    

And it's gargantuan...    

It's pulling us into its mouth!    

This is impossible!    

How is it so gigantic?    

The hell?    

It's colossal! This power!    

It was so small before!    

You boys are so slow on the uptake!    

Didn't it cross your minds
that if the rocks are mineral,    

it would mean the sea bed
is mostly mineral, too?    

If the Stand is this powerful,
the Stand user must be close!    

And I'd wager,
she's closer than we think!    

You guessed it!    

I'm seven meters above you,
on the shore!    

But since you're about to be ground
to bits by my High Priestess,    

you'll never have a chance
to see my face!    

I can't tell what part
of the Stand we're in.    

Seems like we're
still inside its mouth.    

Luckily, we weren't
sucked down its gullet.    

Hey, Jotaro!    

You're just my type,    

so this is going to be as painful
for me as for you.    

It's too bad I have to make
the High Priestess digest you.    

If only things were different.    

How sad!    

But if I k*ll you,
Lord Dio will shower me with praise.    

So don't hate me!    

Good grief, do I have to?    

Just say it!    

Come on, hurry, get on with it!    

Say what?    

I see...    

Rose,    

I wish I could've seen your face,
if only once.    

You might've been my type, too.    

I just might've fallen for you.    

I bet she's a beauty!    

I can tell from that voice of hers.    

Yes. She comes across
as an elegant woman.    

My fortune teller's instinct
senses it.    

If you ask me, she sounds
just like Audrey Hepburn.    

Man, if I were only
   years younger.    

You bastards! You don't mean
a single word of that!    

I'll k*ll you all!    

Holy sh*t!    

Everyone, look!    

What's that?    

It's a tongue!    

It's the Stand's tongue!
Here it comes!    

Jotaro!    

Jotaro!    

Jotaro's going to land in...    

He landed right on the molars!    

Jotaro! Get outta there!    

You'll be crushed!    

You want to pit your strength
against mine, do you?    

Damn, such crazy power...    

Jotaro! These teeth are
as hard as diamonds!    

You'll never be able to break them!    

I'll crush you to death!    

We have to save Jotaro!    

Get outta my way!    

That damn tongue again!    

Magician's Red!    

We're outta time!    

Pull him out of there!    

-Jotaro!
-Jotaro!    

HIGH PRIESTESS
ROSE    

Those giant teeth
pulverized Jotaro!    

Jotaro...    

We didn't make it in time!    

Hold on a sec.
I think I hear something.    

It sounds as if
it's coming from far away...    

I think it's getting closer.    

That voice belongs to...    

The teeth!
It's coming from inside the teeth!    

Everyone, brace yourselves!    

Huh?    

They were hard as diamonds,
and he still punched his way out!    

Oh, my God!    

And look!    

He's busting the rest of them!    

That show off...    

His Stand's immense power
never ceases to amaze me.    

C'mon, I'm getting us
out of this hell hole!    

Good grief.    

Well, you were right about
those teeth being sturdy,    

but they weren't sturdy enough.    

Guess your so-called diamonds
were a little low on calcium.    

You couldn't pay me
to do that again...    

Hey, there's a woman
passed out over there.    

I assume it's Rose,
the user of the High Priestess.    

Should we leave her?
She looks harmless.    

I think I'll go see
if she's hot or not!    

Looks like she's got
a pretty nice body.    

Let's see...    

Well? Polnareff?    

No comment...    

Stop! Don't look!    

Her teeth are all busted!
Don't even bother!    

Well, we've finally made it to Egypt.    

Indeed.    

What would've taken
a mere    hours by plane,    

ended up taking
a whopping    days.    

It's been quite the adventure.    

We've gone inside a brain,
and even inside our dreams.    

Our dreams?    

What do you mean, Kakyoin?    

What's all this about dreams?
It's morning, wake up already!    

Oh, right. You guys
don't remember that.    

Whatever. Let's go.    

The Stand. 

An otherworldly essence,
powered by the mystical, 

symbolized by the Tarot. 

Around the World in    Days. 

So was Joseph Joestar's description
of their globe-trotting journey. 

From Tokyo to Hong Kong,
they faced Tower of Gray. 

On the seas to Singapore, 

they tackled Dark Blue Moon
and Strength. 

In Singapore, they encountered
Ebony Devil and Yellow Temperance. 

In Calcutta, India, it was
Hanged Man and Emperor. 

In Varanasi, India, the Empress. 

And near the Pakistani border,
they fought Wheel of Fortune. 

In the mountains of Pakistan,
they battled Justice. 

In Karachi, Pakistan, the Lovers. 

In the desert of
the United Arab Emirates, the Sun. 

And in Saudi Arabia, Death   . 

On a small island in
the Red Sea, Judgement. 

And now, on the Red Sea floor,
they've defeated High Priestess. 

With several of
Dio's assassins vanquished, 

they have finally arrived in Egypt. 

Only a few Tarot Cards remain. 

But little do Jojo and crew know, 

new threats lie ahead,
ready to take our heroes on. 

That's...    

One, two, three... nine.    

There are nine in all.
Both genders...    

Huh?    

What... is that?    

Have the meddlesome flies
swarming about been swatted?    

The Speedwagon Foundation...    

For pity's sake. I can't let
my guard down for a minute.    

I've gotten quite
used to this body.    

Tell me, Jonathan, can you feel it?    

Your descendants
are inching ever closer.    

It can be so cruel and unforgiving...    

This wretched little world of ours.    

So that's what's been going on!    

Why didn't you just tell me Jotaro
was helping you with work?    

That's fantastic!    

The boy still has a long way to go,
compared with me.    

So, this work is important enough
for you to ask for help? 

That's right.    

It's my most important mission yet.    

It's imperative that
we don't mess up.    

But as long as we work together,
we should get the job done.    

Say, Joseph.
Could I speak to Jotaro? 

Sure, but what about?    

Nothing much. 

Is it wrong that I want to hear
my darling grandson's voice? 

Well, no.    

Jotaro.    

It's me.    

Grandpa told me everything, Jotaro! 

Work hard. And take care of
your grandfather for me. 

Will do.    

I know in my heart
if you work together, 

you Joestar men can overcome
just about any hardship. 

I truly believe that. 

Grandma Suzie, you...    

Hm? What's the matter? 

You sound so serious
all of a sudden. 

It's nothing.    

All right, I'm hanging up.
I look forward to good news. Ciao! 

Madam...    

It's already been    years    

since I've worked
for the Joestar family.    

But I can honestly say    

we've never faced something
of this magnitude.    

Oh, come now, you're overreacting.    

Didn't he say
it's just a business trip?    

Well I...    

It's so troublesome
when men refuse to tell us anything.    

But I'm used to it all by now.    

The Joestar family has been
like this for an entire century.    

I'm sure if she were here, 

she'd say the same
and laugh it all off. 

What's the matter, Jotaro?    

It's nothing.    

All right, it's time to head out!    

After a century,    

it's time for us Joestars to bring
an end to Dio's grip on our family!    

But we don't have to do it alone.    

Hey, Mr. Joestar!    

We got the car!    

Let's hurry and hit the road!    

We should probably
get to where we're going    

before it gets too dark.    

Old man.    

-Guess we are
-If you don't hurry up,    

-pretty lucky.
-we're gonna leave you behind.    

Yeah, yeah, we're coming.    

This is the land of Egypt:
a nation   % desert. 

But, thanks to
the blessings of the Nile, 

beautiful, fertile green
spreads across 

the entirety of its river banks. 

In addition to the culture
of the ancient Egyptians, 

Egypt is home to Persian, Greek, Roman, 

Muslim, and Arabian cultures. 

All have left
their indelible marks. 

In this eternal land, 

what bizarre adventures
and challenges await Jotaro and crew? 

EGYPT ARC
It's about time.  

 EPISODE   : IGGY THE FOOL
AND GEB'S N'DOUL, PART    

What's that?  

They're here.  

It's a helicopter!  

No need to tell us.  

They're here from
the Speedwagon Foundation.  

They're looking for
somewhere to land.  

Speedwagon Foundation?   

The group looking after Mom
back in Japan?   

Your old friends?   

You got it.   

Don't tell me
we're taking a copter now.   

No. As much as I'd like to,
they're not Stand users.   

We can't put them in harm's way.   

So why are they here?   

They've brought us an ally.   

What? An ally?   

He's a bit of a handful;   

that's why it took
so long to fetch him.   

Mr. Joestar!   

You aren't seriously considering
taking him with us!   

He'd only hold us back.   

So you know him, Avdol?   

Yes, all too well.   

Hold on.
You mean he's a Stand user?   

That's right.
And his card is the Fool.   

The Fool?   

The Fool?   

Sounds like a dumb card to me.   

Just be glad he's not your enemy.   

You can't b*at him.   

What'd you say, you assh*le?   

You'd better watch your mouth.   

It's the truth.   

Now move your hand.
You're hurting me.   

-Who made you boss...
-Enough!   

The helicopter's here.   

Good to see you, Mr. Joestar!   

Thanks for bringing him
all the way here.   

So...   

Which one of you is it?
Who's the Stand user?   

I said, which one of you
is the Stand user?   

You?   

It's not us.   

He's in the back.   

The back ...   

I don't see him.   

No, he's there.   

Hey, hey, hey!   

Come on! Quit joking around.   

Is he really short or something?   

Come out, come out
wherever you are!   

Watch out!   

Huh?   

What's this sticky stuff?   

Please, be careful, sir!   

The helicopter ride was rough,
so he's in a really foul mood.   

Get away from him!   

I told you he's trouble!   

Polnareff, remember,
you can't b*at him.   

I'm just asking where he is...   

Huh?   

He's...   

...a dog!   

Don't tell me this dog is....   

Yes, this dog possesses
the Stand of the Fool.   

His name is Iggy.   

He's crazy about ripping chunks
of hair out of people's heads.   

I don't know where he's from.   

But Avdol found him in New York.   

None of the dog catchers
could catch him.   

Avdol was the only one who could.   

Oh, I should mention.   

When he rips people's hair out,
he sorta likes to...   

...pass wind in their faces.
He's kinda dirty.   

You little mutt!
You're gonna pay for that!   

Damn you...   

Chariot!   

That's...   

So that's The Fool.   

We fought an orangutan Stand user
back in Singapore, but...   

Who does this stupid mutt
think he is?   

Don't make me turn you
into dog meat!   

What the--
It turned into sand!   

I can't cut him!   

And now he's solidified
and caught my rapier!   

That's...   

It's a Stand made of sand.   

I see... So the simpler their makeup,
the stronger they become.   

I'm not sure I could land a punch.   

Hey! Help! Get this dog off me!   

Sorry, Polnareff,   

but I think
I'll hold on to my hair.   

You monster!   

Did you bring his favorite snack?   

Of course. He wouldn't have
come with us otherwise.   

Stop! Help me!   

He has a keen sense of smell.    

What is that?    

Iggy loves coffee-flavored gum.    

He'll do just about
anything for it.    

Mr. Avdol,
hide the packet before you--    

Blast it!
He grabbed the whole thing!    

He loves his coffee-flavored gum.    

People on the other hand...    

At least take the wrapping off.    

Now how is he going to help us?    

-Good grief.
-Damn it...    

He's ruined my beautiful hair...    

This bastard!    

He's distracted, as long as
he's chewing his gum.    

Let's get the supplies out now.    

Here's water and food for the trip.    

Oh, thank you.    

There are medical supplies
and a change of clothes, too.    

Also, a new camera to use
with your Stand.    

A lot easier than
using a TV, right?    

Oh, I know.    

Hey, men!    

Ah, the perfect memento.    

Avdol! Hurry up with the gum!    

But you're already such good friends,
Polnareff!    

All right, Mr. Joestar,
we're heading back.    

Before you leave,
I have something to ask you.    

It's about my daughter...    

How is Holly holding up?    

And don't hold back.    

Yes, sir...    

Well, I'm afraid
she's not doing well.    

She's losing strength rapidly.
Nothing they do seems to help. 

Our doctors at
the Speedwagon Foundation 

say she has two weeks.    

There's no time.    

Damn it...    

I have some other information
as well.    

Our investigators say that,
two days ago...    

nine unidentified
men and women gathered 

in a building believed
to be Dio's hideout. 

Apparently they left
and disappeared. 

Dio and nine others?    

We have no information
on their identities.    

The spy who reported this
was then promptly k*lled,    

and the mansion had already
been vacated.    

We were unable to locate
the nine men and women.    

Our spies aren't Stand users,
so we couldn't tail them.    

What, they're Stand users?    

Hold on.    

They can't be.
Except for the Emperor,    

the only tarot card
that remains is The World.    

I suspect that is Dio's card, but...    

Avdol?    

I don't know.    

I'm astounded.
Nine more Stand users?    

It seems, Dio's head has yet to adjust
to his new body.    

He would never run from us.
He's far too conceited.    

He's going to do everything
he can to keep us out of Cairo.    

Good grief. Nine Stand users
in two weeks, eh?    

That's one hell of a whirlwind tour.    

We'll be off, then.    

Godspeed, sir.    

Thank you. Look after my Holly.    

That mutt...    

So it sniffed out
the Great N'doul, eh?    

So close.    

I almost caught it this time.    

Just a bit more practice and...    

The Tsetse Fly...    

It's because of these flies
that Joestar and his friends    

uncovered Master Dio's location
in Egypt...    

THE FOOL
IGGY    

Mr. Joestar,
do something about him!    

Why does this piece of sh*t
get to sit in the seat    

while we're stuck in the trunk?    

It's so cramped, my back hurts.    

You'll just have to wait until
that coffee flavor runs out.    

When it has,    

throw some more gum into the trunk
to lure him back there    

and switch seats.    

All right, all right.
Calm down! Damn it...    

What the hell?    

Look! Over there!    

That's...    

The helicopter!    

The Speedwagon Foundation
helicopter went down!    

I see no sign of expl*si*n
or g*n.    

It looks like it just
fell out of the sky.    

Could it be?    

Be careful!    

You can bet it was att*cked
by an enemy Stand!    

Look! It's the pilot!    

He's dead...    

And whatever happened to him,
it wasn't pretty...    

The poor fellow.    

Approach carefully.    

Something could be hiding there.    

It's water.    

All this water...
and from one person's mouth...    

No, the water must be
from his lungs.    

Where'd the fish come from?    

He drowned in
the middle of the desert!    

What on earth?    

Hey...    

The other guy's over here.    

He's alive!    

Talk to us! Hang on!    

Tell us what happened!    

Wa...    

Water...    

What? You want water?    

Polnareff, hand me that canteen.    

Huh? Right.    

Here, just hang in there.
Here's some water.    

Drink it slowly.    

No! The water att*cked us!    

What?    

It's a Stand!    

The enemy Stand
is inside the canteen!    

Damn it!    

They were just innocent bystanders.    

Why did it k*ll them!    

Avdol, did you see
what kind of Stand it was?    

All I saw was a hand.    

But I think it's still
inside the canteen!    

I haven't seen it leave.    

Who could it be?    

So Dio met with
nine men and women...    

Could one of them be the assassin?    

Jotaro, find the Stand user.    

I'm already on it.    

But...    

I don't see
the Stand user anywhere.    

When we battled
that idiotic Sun stand,    

he was hiding behind
a mirror, but...    

it seems this time
the enemy's far away.    

Polnareff, slice up the canteen.    

Huh? Me?    

The pilot's head was sucked
into that tiny little container.    

If I poke a hole in that thing...    

No way!    

Kakyoin! You're closer!    

Just use your Emerald Splash!    

I don't want to.    

Don't make me do something
just because you don't want to do it!    

What's going on with you?    

No means no.    

Well, I already told you,
I'm not gonna do it, either!    

That's the...    

Kakyoin!    

It's the water!    

It had already left the canteen.
It hid itself in the blood!    

The Stand wasn't
hiding in the water...    

It is the water!    

It got Kakyoin!    

It got Kakyoin's eyes!    

Polnareff! Don't panic!    

Summon Chariot
and protect yourself!    

Crap.
It's going to get Polnareff, too.    

What's going on?
It att*cked the pilot's corpse!    

No, not the corpse. The watch.    

It att*cked the watch
because of the alarm.    

Sound! It hunts
its victims by sound!    

Sound?    

sh*t! Polnareff!    

It's coming for you this time!    

Get to the car!    

It's so fast!    

Hurry, Polnareff!    

It got me!    

Hermit Purple!    

It disappeared into the ground...    

It detects sound through
vibrations in the ground.    

And it moves through the earth
where we can't see it.    

It can att*ck us from behind    

or from below at any moment.    

What's worse,
the Stand user could be far away.    

So they've sought refuge
atop that car.    

Seems they've realized
that I, N'doul,    

am hunting them with sound.    

No matter.
It's all futile anyway...    

How's Kakyoin?    

It's not good.    

He may have been blinded.    

Let's drive.    

We have to get him
to a doctor immediately.    

But if we move, it'll att*ck.    

We can't afford to be careless.    

What?    

Hm? That sound...    

It's the dog.    

It left the car before I att*cked.    

It anticipated my Stand's att*ck.    

Seems this dog is going to be
quite the nuisance.    

The tires are in the water! sh*t!    

It's no use. It's pulling us in!    

I can't hold on much longer!    

Everyone, move to the back!    

Hey, flea bag!    

You're supposed to help us,
damn it! Help, already! Hey!    

That accursed dog...    

It knows I'm four kilometers
to the west of them.    

Oh, what to do...    

Perhaps I should do away
with the dog first!    

Go ahead, get comfortable
while we fight for our lives!    

You stupid dog!    

No, forget the dog.    

Joestar and the others
can't control that mangy mongrel.    

It's harmless.
All it cares about is taking a nap.    

Now, for the k*ll...    

It's so sharp! That water just
slashed our front tires!    

Get back now!    

So that's what it's trying to do...    

sh*t! Everyone hang on!    

I can hear it! 

Don't make a sound. 

He can smell where the enemy's
going to att*ck next. 

The water started chasing Jotaro! 

If we can just find their body, 

there's a good chance we can defeat
that fearsome Stand! 

It's Iggy.
Everyone, hold on!  

Oh no!  

It sunk into the sand...
Don't move! 

Don't make a sound! 

It's much too late now.  

I know exactly
where each of you landed.  

Four... Five steps.  

You're walking ever so quietly.  

But I hear you.   

These "steps" must
have thrown him. 

Cursed water Stand!
Go ahead and att*ck. 

I'll vaporize you
with Magician's Red 

the moment you show yourself. 

 EPISODE   :
IGGY THE FOOL AND GEB'S N'DOUL, PART     

He's here! 

Wait. Why did he take
only five steps?   

Why has he stopped moving?   

Now! 

Magician's Red!   

What?   

What--   

Avdol...   

He's so...   

So quick...   

Avdol!   

Ingenious indeed.   

I must pay more attention
to their vibrations.   

Those weren't footsteps.   

It seems he threw
ring-like objects.   

And these burns...   

It must have been Avdol.   

But he'll be a problem no longer.   

Good bye...   

-It's back!
-It's back!   

Avdol!   

Hmm... someone is running now. 

I don't believe it!
Jotaro's running?   

His stride tells me
he is about    ... 

No,     centimeters tall. 

He has a youthfulness to him.
He's not Joseph. 

It must be Jotaro. 

But where is he running? 

It dove in!   

The water's after Jotaro!   

So it's come to this.   

It stopped attacking Avdol, but...   

Jotaro! He's catching up!   

I hear of all our enemies' Stands, 

Jotaro's Star Platinum is
by far the fiercest. 

Master Dio will be delighted
if I m*rder him. 

With every fiber of my being,
for Master Dio, 

I shall defeat Jotaro! 

Jotaro just picked something up
off the sand. 

What was at that location? 

What was it... 

No, it's not inanimate! 

It's the dog!
Jotaro grabbed the dog. 

He knows! 

So that's your game.   

You jumped out of the car
before it was att*cked!   

You can smell it! You know where
the Stand's coming from!   

Don't stop, Jotaro!   

Time to earn your keep, Iggy.   

Where's it coming from?
Spill it, Iggy!   

Or else we die together.   

You won't get any gum
from me, either.   

Iggy!   

He can fly? 

Not so fast! 

Go ahead, pant all you want.
You're not getting out of this one.   

My Star Platinum is fast.   

You let me go,
and I'll snap your neck.   

What? He jumped and then nothing. 

They haven't landed anywhere. 

Impossible... 

That's brilliant!   

Jotaro's using Iggy
to find the Stand user!   

If we can find whoever's
controlling the Stand,   

we might actually have
a chance of defeating him!   

He's gone... 

I can't hear Jotaro's footsteps. 

Where is he? Where did he go? 

Why can't I hear his footsteps? 

They're flying lower and lower...   

Looks like The Fool can't fly
long distances.   

It's gliding like a paper airplane!   

My legs are about to
touch the ground. 

Hey, quit tensing up like that. 

You're farting again. 

You'd better not
let loose a big one. 

I guess I have no choice. 

Time to get a little more air. 

That brought us a lot closer, 

but the sound of that kick
just sent us back some. 

Now he'll know we're flying. 

So that's it! The dog's Stand...   

can fly.   

And they're...   

heading this way!    

I must k*ll Jotaro before
he gets any closer!    

His Stand is going after Jotaro!    

He figured it out when
Jotaro struck the ground!    

All we can do now is trust Jotaro.    

He's getting closer. 

Sure, he was able to
bring down a copter, 

but he won't find
our exact location. 

Iggy's Stand makes barely a sound. 

If I can just find the Stand user
before touching the sand, 

it'll be lights out for good! 

Found him! 

The Stand user's about
    meters away! 

Seems our enemy is blind. 

It's sand!
Sand's falling from the sky! 

That's why he's hurling sand
into the air! 

Not good! 

He's locating us by listening to
the sand bounce off the wings. 

Just like a submarine uses sonar! 

I can hear you... I can hear
the sand bouncing off you.    

I've found your coordinates.
I know your altitude...    

Jotaro!    

GEB
N'DOUL    

sh**t him!    

Star Platinum!    

Star Platinum's speed
means nothing.    

If you can't determine
my direction of att*ck,    

my Stand has the advantage!    

Here comes another!    

Iggy...    

You damn dog...    

That dog is dragging Jotaro
right into my Stand's grasp!    

It'll do anything
to save his own hide.    

Even abandon his master!    

Bastard...    

-You little piece of...
-Iggy...    

That's what you get for relying on
such a fickle creature, Jotaro.    

The end has finally come.    

Now, to put an end to your misery...    

What? He's thrown something at me!    

This wind shear...    

What was it?    

It's Iggy.    

Come on, now.    

You'd better use your Stands
to defend yourselves,    

or you'll both end up one big mess.    

Such incredible velocity...    

Damn! It's going to crash into me!    

I can't believe it!
He threw the dog...    

Blast it! I was so close
to finishing Jotaro...    

No!    

I lost Jotaro's location
because of that damn dog!    

Where is he? 

He's not moving... 

He's staying absolutely still. 

This must be part of his plan! 

Where are you, Jotaro? 

Where? Show yourself, Jotaro. 

Right here. 

I see...    

I didn't realize
you had slinked so close.    

If I hadn't protected myself
with this water shield,    

you would have already
struck me from behind.    

I suppose I no longer need
this cane to hear you.    

But I'll need it
when I return home.    

Iggy...    

You knocked off my hat.    

You know, I kept that hat on
even when I was scuba diving.    

Don't worry. I went easy on you.    

You'll live.    

What? You used your own Stand to...    

Why did you do it?    

You thought you could
get me to talk...    

tell you about the other
eight Stand users, didn't you?    

I know Joseph Joestar's
Hermit Purple    

can read people's minds.    

I'll never tell you anything...    

anything that you could
use against him.    

Dio...    

Why are you all so loyal to him?    

So loyal that you'd die...    

Jotaro, I do not fear death.    

My Stand has always enabled me    

to live life unfettered
by a fear of death.    

I could win any fight.    

I could have and do whatever
I wanted. No one could stop me.    

k*lling, stealing...
it meant nothing to me.    

I'm sure that mutt
knows how I feel.    

He was the first and only person    

to instill in me a desire to live.    

He was so strong, so wise,
so beautiful. 

He was the only one who saw
a purpose to my existence. 

I waited so long to meet him. 

I will gladly die, but...    

I will not disappoint him.    

Evil needs an evil savior.    

I'll tell you just one thing.    

My name is N'doul.    

My Stand hails from Egypt,
birthplace of the Tarot.    

One of the great Ennead,
the nine gods of Egypt...    

It is called Geb, god of Earth. 

The nine Egyptian gods?    

What do you mean?    

I will tell you about
my Stand only...    

After all, you are the one
who defeated me.    

The rest stays with me...    

Dio is like some charismatic
cult leader...    

Just who is he?    

And the nine gods of Egypt?    

It's all a mystery.    

But we have to continue onward.    

Hey, no need to be defensive.
I'm not mad or anything.    

I doubt you wanted to be    

dragged out into the desert
and forced into some human fight.    

Guess I don't blame you
for being pissed.    

Here, Iggy. Want some gum?    

Calm down. I said I'm sorry.    

Here.    

Good grief.
That dog's a pain in the ass.    

Stay out here in the middle of
the desert for all I care.    

Iggy...    

Well, what do you know.
You picked up my hat for me?    

Maybe you're not so bad.    

Thanks.    

Gum. Damn mutt...    

You're no ordinary pooch.    

Hey!    

Jotaro!    

Jotaro! Are you all right?    

Good grief.    

Oh? Is that a comic book?    

Never seen one here before!    

So Egyptians read comics, too?    

Want some mini-donuts?    

 TASTY DONUTS    

Hey... Um, can I see that?    

I'm a comic book artist searching
for inspiration.    

I love rare books and comics.    

Here, I'll let you use
my binoculars.    

What's this? "Zenyatta Mondatta
Brothers Adventure."    

I don't see the author's name
anywhere... 

Wow.    

Such weird pictures.    

Great print quality,
and in full color!    

There once lived two brothers
who got along very well. 

"My name is Zenyatta." 

"My name is Mondatta." 

Mondatta, the younger brother,
was very shy 

and wouldn't do anything
without Zenyatta. 

He was always alone. 

One day, while his big brother,
Zenyatta, was away, 

Mondatta met a very kind traveler. 

The traveler gave Mondatta
yummy snacks, 

and let Mondatta
look through his binoculars. 

Mondatta had so much fun. 

"Oh, it's   :  !" 

But the very kind traveler... 

was impaled on a telephone pole
and d*ed. 

What a weird comic.    

Is this comic popular here?    

This book is so weird.    

The rest of the pages
are all blank.    

Nothing's printed...    

Must be defective.    

Somehow this comic has
totally pulled me in.    

I know this sounds crazy,
but could I buy this book from you?    

-It's not for sale.
-Huh?    

My brother's book isn't for sale!    

Now get lost.    

Brother?    

Didn't you hear me?    

I told you not to
talk to strangers.    

There are lots of bad people
out there, ya know.    

Last call! The bus for Aswan
is about to depart!    

Let's go.    

I heard they're heading    

to the hospital in Aswan
to drop off their friend.    

I see...    

I guess we can't do
much about that.    

Then we'll have to wait
for the next bus.    

We are unstoppable brothers! 

Who's there? 

It's me, Polnareff. 

Jotaro, what happened
to your uniform? 

You're acting weird today. 

Could it possibly be that you're... 

-Could it be...
-Could it be... 

Zenyatta, the predictions
are absolute. 

Do your best!
Ah, new pages...  

they came.  

The brothers Zenyatta and Mondatta
took a bus four hours later... 

So they managed to avoid getting
into an accident. Yippee! 

What adventures await them now? 

Once in Aswan,
they made their discovery: 

"Oh! There they are!" 

"The five bad guys!",
cried the brothers. 

But the brothers wondered,
"What are they talking about?" 

The bad guys seemed so worried... 

It's them.   

Little did they know. They had
drunk tea laced with poison. Gulp! 

Zenyatta...   

 So all I have to do is poison them.   

Mondatta, you and I
are invincible together.   

With your clairvoyant comic Stand...   

and my face Stand...   

my transformative ability...   

They're as good as dead!   

 Our cards are Thoth,
God of Writing,   

and Khnum, God of Creation!   

We're the Zenyatta
Mondatta brothers!   

 EPISODE   
KHNUM'S ZENYATTA AND THOTH'S MONDATTA   

In this café,   

at that table... This is where
they'll drink their poison tea.   

My Stand, Thoth,
the God of Writing, never lies.   

So, how are they?   

Luckily, Avdol's major arteries
weren't damaged,   

so he'll probably be
released tomorrow.   

But Kakyoin's injuries are serious.   

He could go blind.   

I'm worried about him.   

I hate to say it, but we might have
to leave him behind.   

Hey, look at all these cafés.   

We could all use a break.
Let's get a drink.   

Sounds good. Which one?   

My cigarette says that one.   

Welcome.   

What would you like?   

Let's see... How bout some tea.   

Same.   

Yes, sir.
Three teas, coming right up.   

No, scratch that.   

-Huh?
-Listen. We're in enemy territory.   

This is Dio's dominion.   

Who knows when
our enemies will att*ck.   

We have to be more cautious.
Someone could easily poison us.   

From now on, we drink only
from bottles and cans.   

What? Are you serious?   

I am serious.   

Hey, forget the tea.
We'll take coke instead.   

Coke?   

Yeah. Something wrong?   

No. Okay. Coke, right?   

Okay, three bottles of coke then.   

Oh, and we'll open them ourselves.   

Give me the third, fourth,
and fifth ones from the right.   

Now they want Coke? 

How am I supposed to put poison
in an unopened coke... 

Was the prediction wrong? 

No, my brother's comic
is always right. 

I have to believe!
I have to believe Mondatta! 

If I can't stand behind
his predictions, 

we won't have a chance! 

Brother, my predictions
are foolproof! 

Hey, you! This Coke's warm!   

Is this your idea of a cold drink?
I'm not paying for this, idiot!   

Hey, the Coke's not cold?   

The fridge is down so...   

You're being paranoid.   

Even if that guy was our enemy,   

and even if he was trying
to poison us...   

how would he have known
we'd come to this cafe?   

This city has tons of cafés,
and I chose this one on a whim.   

I could understand
if this was the only café,   

but there are tons of them.   

My point is
we can't be too careful.   

If you're that worried,
let's go somewhere else then.   

Let's go to the one
across the street.   

All right.   

-Fire!
-Huh?   

My café is on fire!   

Some fool left a burning cigarette
in the road.   

It ignited the trash!   

Hey, sir.
We'll take three teas after all.   

We won... 

But...   

What kind of jerk would toss
a lit cigarette near the trash...   

They're drinking it! 

Drink it all... 

-They drank it!
-They drank it! 

A dog took my cake!   

Who the hell brought
a dog in here?   

-Iggy...
-Iggy...   

Whose dog is this?   

Hey! Get that dog outta here!   

Damn it, Iggy!   

Get back here, you!   

Damn it! They were just about
to swallow the poison!    

sh*t! What's supposed to
happen next?    

It hasn't come yet...    

But the comic wasn't wrong.    

Thoth sees the near future.    

Next time we'll get them...    

We'll k*ll them with
the next premonition!    

That's right. We're...    

the Zenyatta Mondatta brothers!    

"That darn dog! We failed!" 

"We were so close!",
fumed the brothers. 

Zenyatta and Mondatta
were very mad. 

But they didn't give up. 

Zenyatta and Mondatta followed
the three guys and their dog. 

While following them, 

they met a man who had a face
that really made them angry. 

It was exactly the kind of face
the brothers hated. 

Something must have
happened to me in a past life    

to hate guys like this...    

It really pisses me off.
He deserves a knuckle sandwich!    

He was a perfectly nice man,
but Zenyatta punched him anyway! 

The man with the bad face ran away... 

and left a wallet full of money. 

"Yay! We're rich! 

We're so lucky! Whoopee!"
cried Mondatta. 

What a fool.    

We're rich!    

Ah! Brother, another page.    

The brothers continued
their pursuit. 

The bad guys got in their car
and headed to the hospital 

to see their friends
Avdol and Kakyoin. 

Zenyatta made a b*mb
out of an orange 

and planted it in the car. 

Jotaro was blown to bits! 

His head was split in two,
and blood splattered everywhere! 

Look how clear
the comic came in...    

Yes!    

KHNUM
ZENYATTA    

My Stand, Thoth,
can see only the near future.    

But once the prediction's printed,
it can't be changed! Ever!    

Jotaro will blow up!    

The b*mb will detonate
three seconds    

after he sticks his finger in
to peel it.    

It's destiny! 

There's no way out!    

-Who's there?
-Wha--    

Who's in our car?    

It's not Jotaro?    

No. Jotaro said he was going
straight to the hospital.    

-Be careful!
-Crap...    

Don't let him get away!    

Crap! It's Joestar and Polnareff! 

Hey, stop hiding in there!    

Who are you? Come out.    

I said come out, damn it!    

Hurry it up!    

Hey, what's the matter guys?    

It's me, can't you tell?    

Oh, it's you, Jotaro.    

My Stand, Khnum,
is a transforming Stand. 

I can alter my height, weight,
and scent to whatever I want. 

I used my hair
to recreate this hat! 

But what happened?    

You said you were going
straight to the hospital.    

Huh? Um, uh... Right, the hospital.    

I forgot something, so I came back.    

My wallet.
I left my wallet in the car.    

Good grief.    

Jotaro, what happened to
your school uniform?    

School uniform?    

What? School uniform? 

That's really not
a good look on you.    

Oh, my outfit.
I mean my school uniform...    

It's at the dry cleaners!    

I took it to the cleaners,
and didn't have any money.    

That'll convince them. Yeah! 

Huh. I see...    

Then get in the car. Let's go.    

Huh? 

Huh? The car?    

It can't be... 

It can't be! 

If I get into the car
with this face, 

that means the real Jotaro
won't get blown up! It'll be Me! 

Impossible! 

Nah, actually,
I think I'm going to walk...    

There isn't time, Jotaro!    

It'll be faster
if you just get in the car.    

Zenyatta!    

Crap... 

I've got to undo
my Jotaro disguise, 

or I'll be the one
who gets blown up! 

That's it! I just need to
throw it away! 

I'll get rid of this one 

and put it back in the car later, 

so it can blow up the real Jotaro! 

I did it! 

There! Now I'm safe! 

Hey, it's Iggy!
He's chasing our car.    

He's got an orange in his mouth!
Did you steal that, Iggy?    

That'll make a nice gift
for Kakyoin and Avdol.    

Wha-- Yow!    

-"Yow"?
-"Yow"?    

I never thought I'd hear you say
something like that.    

You're acting strange.    

No... Yow. You know, yow.    

I was saying there was
a cyow over there...    

Jotaro... You are acting
peculiar today.    

Where's your usual cool self?    

You're not actually...    

a fake, are you?    

Good grief. What the hell are you
talking about, Polnareff?    

Are we at the hospital yet?    

Hey, Jotaro.
Show me that trick again.    

That... trick?    

What is he talking about? 

The one you taught me.    

You know, this!    

Hey, you've gotten better.    

Oh, that! You mean that trick.    

Thank goodness! 

I know how to do that!
It's risky, but I can pull it off! 

Sure! It's easy.    

All right! Do the one
with five cigarettes!    

Five?    

Come on! Hurry up.
I wanna see it again.    

Crap! Damn that Jotaro
and his stupid party tricks! 

If I don't do it... 

they'll really think
something is up. 

They're already suspicious of me. 

And Polnareff is about to
set off the b*mb! 

Fine! Dammit! 

I'll do it! 

Fine. I'll do five.    

Come on, now do it!    

I'm gonna do it!
Fine, I'll do it, dammit! 

Here I go! This is nothing! 

Ow, hot!    

Hot...    

I did it! Hot damn, I did it! 

There! Did you see that? I did it! 

A man can do anything when
his life is on the line! 

Here.    

Last time you drank juice without
putting the cigarettes out.    

Come on.    

Aw, you blew it!    

Jotaro, are you all right?
Oh my God!    

Brother! Mondatta! 

Make that prediction
go away right now! 

Tear up that page! 

Zenyatta! The prediction
can't be changed! 

Hurry up and go back
to your regular self! 

Undo the disguise and
the real Jotaro will blow up! 

You can do it! 

Jotaro, you're acting
really weird today.    

I just... feel a bit
under the weather...    

Crap! 

I know their type.
They're going to interrogate me 

and realize I'm an imposter! 

If they figure me out,
they'll k*ll me. 

And if I don't undo my disguise, 

I'll blow up just like
the prophecy said! 

That's it! I'll just pretend I'm sick. 

I'll make them let me out of
the car to relieve myself! 

Jotaro, the way you're
clasping your hands...    

You've got your left thumb on top!    

Dammit! 

Does Jotaro always clasp his hands
with his right thumb on top? 

What kind of person notices that? 

What am I going to do? 

That just proves you were a woman
in your past life!    

Since I put my right thumb on top,    

I was a man in my past life!    

Wow, really? I always put
my left thumb on top.    

Sorry, Mr. Joestar.    

Then that proves you too
were once a woman.    

What do you mean, "proves"?    

What do thumbs have to do with it?    

That's so stupid!    

Now I really feel sick... 

They're driving me nuts! 

All right. I'll tell them
I've got a stomach ache... 

Jotaro, let's see who can eat
an orange the fastest!    

What?    

Hey...    

No! Don't, idiot!    

Whoa! What are you doing, Jotaro?    

What's the matter, Jotaro?    

Oh, it's nothing.    

You really are acting weird.    

Not that orange. Not that one.    

Huh? Why?    

Well, you know... Iggy found it.    

He could've found it in the gutter.    

Eat this one instead.    

It's not dirty or bruised.
It's fine.    

Fine, I'll eat this one.
You can use one of those.    

-It hurts!
-Huh?    

-Hey.
-My stomach hurts!    

I have to go to the bathroom!
My stomach hurts!    

Stop! Hurry!    

Oh, your stomach hurts?    

I can't hold it anymore!
Let me out!    

I'll go behind that rock!    

But the hospital's right there...    

Just go ahead without me.    

I mean it,
I'll just catch up later!    

Not so fast, Jotaro!    

Here, toilet paper.    

I... 

I did it! I made it! 

I got out of that car! I'm safe! 

I'll go behind that rock and
undo my disguise! 

Who knows where
Iggy picked up this orange.    

Maybe it was lying in the gutter.    

Do you want it?    

No. Toss it.    

Yes! Now I can use Khnum's powers
to change back to normal.    

And then we win!    

The Zenyatta Mondatta brothers win!    

We win!    

Ah?    

Oh, no!    

Huh? What was that?    

Who cares? Probably construction
or something.    

Zenyatta...    

Speak to me!    

We lost, Mondatta.    

No...    

No! My Stand, Thoth,
hasn't lost yet.    

I'll k*ll them myself!    

Mondatta...    

Don't, Mondatta.    

They're no ordinary guys.
It's impossible.    

I'm gonna do it!
I've made up my mind!    

I'll do it on my own!    

I can do it!    

You were always so shy...
You've grown up, Mondatta.    

I'll k*ll them all!    

What does the book of Thoth
say next?    

That's them...    

They're the ones who punched me
and stole my wallet!    

All right, guys!
b*at them to a bloody pulp,    

and I'll make sure
you're richly rewarded!    

It's that guy!    

Brother! I'm really scared!    

Despite his burst of bravery, 

Mondatta would have to wait
to avenge his brother. 

But don't give up, Mondatta! 

Life has its ups and downs. 

Huh?    

Well, if it isn't Jotaro.    

Hey. Took you long enough.    

We took too long?    

How'd you poop behind
that rock so fast?    

I can't believe
you got here before us...    

You even went to the dry cleaners?    

What the hell are you two...    

Hey, an ambulance.    

Looks like someone's hurt.    

That's too bad...    

Oranges, huh?
I was just getting thirsty.    

I'll take one.    

Oh?    

That man's clothes...    

Do you know him?    

No, of course not.    

Come on. Let's go find out how
Avdol and Kakyoin are doing.    

And so the brothers
eventually gave up. 

The battle was over, 

and Jotaro and the others
were none the wiser. 

Ba-dum-tss. 

Hey, look!
It's a sword. 

He's holding a sword. 

It won't come out...
It won't even budge. 

I want to cut you down now, too. 

Use me, and k*ll them. 

Come at me with your Anubis Stand.
Any improvement with
your injuries, Avdol?  

Yes. But I am relieved to know
you will be all right, Kakyoin.  

Well I...  

Luckily my cornea wasn't damaged,  

so they expect me
to make a full recovery.  

I remember when
I was in middle school,  

and my classmate was
struck by a baseball  

directly in the eye.  

It turned out he was
fine the next day.   

The eye only lost a bit of fluid.   

Are you serious?   

No!   

The bandages will come off
in a few days.   

I'll catch up with you later.   

It's less than     kilometers
to Cairo... and Dio.   

Everyone, you must be vigilant.   

Hmm, what language is
this hospital bill in...   

Arabic?   

Man, it's so confusing!   

The   is supposed to be five...
The decimal is zero, and seven is a six?   

And this wormy-looking one is...   

A four. So, the amount we owe is...   

 Forty-six thousand three hundred fifty
Egyptian pounds?   

 That's insane!   

 He's adorable!   

What is he I wonder?   

He's so funny looking!   

What in the world?
He's chewing gum.   

He must be waiting for someone.   

Such a good little doggy!   

And here I thought
he was waiting outside.   

Good grief.   

So he's a hit with ladies, is he?   

I wonder why he's chewing gum.   

What a weird little puppy.   

Um, hello?   

Let me give you some advice.
You'd best step away from that dog.   

He may seem charming,   

but he basically hates people.   

If you're not careful,
he'll make your--   

Damn mutt!
Get off of m--   

-You stinking...
-Ew! He tooted!   

He's so cute!   

You get along so well.   

We don't get along at all!   

Damn it, Iggy! Get off of me!   

Catch you later, lovebirds.   

Mr. Joestar?   

Hey, hang on!   

You...   

You nasty little mutt!   

 In ancient Egypt,
the dead were always buried   

 on the west bank of the Nile,
where the sun sets.   

That's why all Egyptian cities
stand on the east side of the Nile.   

On the west, you'll find
graves and mortuary temples.   

But our enemies
don't care about east or west.   

They'll come from all directions.   

Your cows are far too lazy.   

They're strong, though,
I'll give them that...   

Chaka! Get a move on!   

Stop falling behind!   

Damn it!   

What kind of man are you?
Are you really my son?   

Your cows and your son
are just like you!   

A sword?   

What's it doing here?   

Hey, look! It's a sword!   

Give me that!   

What? Someone must've dropped it.   

Amazing someone left it!   

This is incredible!
It must be worth a fortune!   

Hey, maybe the owner's
still around.   

He must've been in a major panic.   

You don't think, it might
be some kind of artifact?   

Are you going to
turn it in to the police?   

Idiot! This could fetch us
loads of money!   

But I found it... 

But if it's blunt,
it won't be worth anything.   

Come on! Pull it out.   

Right!   

What's wrong?   

It won't come out!
It won't budge!   

Give it to me.   

Here.   

Hold that end.   

Right.   

It's no use.   

The blade hasn't moved
one centimeter!   

Let me have a try.   

Shut up!   

How are you going to do it,
if I can't, idiot!   

My hand!   

My hand! This gaping wound!   

How? How did it cut me?   

The blade wouldn't even come out!   

The only thing I grabbed
was the hilt!   

There's something strange
about that sword...   

Um... How about if I try now?   

Fine! Go ahead
and try already then!    

It just came out.    

But I didn't put
any effort into it.    

What...    

I can hear the blade ringing...    

I don't know much about swords,    

but I've never seen a blade
this beautiful.    

It's like a Japanese katana!    

It glistens, like it's cloaked
in ice-cold water...    

What an amazing find!    

Hey! Give it to me!
You shouldn't be holding it!    

Hand it over!    

Hey, wha...    

Why did you do it?    

I don't know...    

You were standing
behind me, Father.    

It's not my fault...    

What are you doing?
Hurry!    

We have to take him to a doctor!    

This sword is evil!    

It's like it has a mind of its own!    

Be calm. 

Let your heart grow still, Chaka. 

Their deaths mean nothing. 

Who are you?    

I can't see you,
but I hear your voice...    

I am the Stand of the God Anubis. 

Ruler of the underworld... 

Deity of embalming,
Lord of the dead... 

You have unsheathed me.
You shall be my Stand user... 

You are my flesh! 

You are a virtuoso. 

I shall make you master
of the sword. 

No one is stronger than you. 

Wield me, and k*ll! 

Father and that man
both deserved to die.    

I think I'll hack you
to pieces, too.    

What?
Hey, Chaka, stop!    

Please stop!    

Impossible!    

The cow's unharmed...    

Slaughter Joseph!
Slice Polnareff! 

Cleave Jotaro in two! 

You are a fighting genius!
A master of the sword! 

No one is stronger than you! 

The world is no match
for your blade! 

Kom Ombo?    

Do we really have time
for this place?    

Quit moaning.    

They've allowed us passage
on their ferry.    

We must show our respect.    

Come on, I'm starving!
Let's get something to eat.    

You never stop, do you? Here.
This'll tide you over for now.    

That's Iggy's!    

Don't worry about it.
Just take it.    

By the way,
where can I find a bathroom?    

Shall we investigate?    

Hey, mister, over here.    

Want to buy some papyrus?    

Papyrus is the original paper!
Want a piece of Egyptian history?    

Look, look! It's real papyrus!    

Papyrus?    

I'll give you a good price.    

It's the real thing?    

Of course, my friend.    

A famous Egyptian craftsman
drew this.    

Hm...    

It's a fake. Real papyrus
would never rip so easily.    

You can't fool me.    

Huh?    

Where is Mr. Joestar
and the others?    

Huh?    

Iggy? Why, you little...
Hold it!    

Hey! Where's my money?    

That stupid dog
just gave me the slip...    

Hey.    

That's a pretty ballsy move...    

Preparing to att*ck me
with so many people around.    

Guys like you are rare.    

Stand users don't usually
show themselves,    

let alone face
their attacker head-on.    

It's quite noble, really.    

I didn't think any of you
were like that.    

Tell me your name.    

I am Chaka.    

My Stand is Anubis,
Ruler of the Underworld.    

Jean Pierre Polnareff,
your life is mine.    

My life is yours?    

You certainly don't mince your words.    

Your boldness is impressive,
I must say.    

Bring it on!    

Let's see what your so-called
Anubis Stand is made of!    

Chariot!    

He's holding a sword, but... 

Is he really going to fight me with
that instead of his Stand? 

Something's strange. 

His movements...
That grip...that stance... 

They're the hallmark of an amateur!
Something's strange. 

I need to be careful. 

I need to keep my distance. 

ANUBIS
CHAKA    

What the hell? 

The sword passed
through the pillar. 

And my shirt too! 

He cut me without
cutting my shirt! 

I would've been k*lled
if I hadn't stepped back. 

You bastard! Chariot!    

Stop hiding, and show... yourself!    

Crap...    

How could I? I lost him. 

He could be hiding behind
any one of these pillars. 

His sword can pass through solid objects. 

And my Chariot's striking range
is only about one meter... 

Damn!
He's tougher than I thought. 

I can't believe
this jerk is giving me a run for my money 

in sword fighting. 

But you won't have
the advantage for long! 

All right, Chaka, old pal!    

Try and att*ck me now!    

You can't sneak up on me
if I'm not behind a pillar!    

You're not gonna pop up out
of the ground, are you?    

What?    

The pillar...    

My sword need not pass
through objects!    

I can cut through
the pillar itself!    

Die, Polnareff!    

That was close.    

Even Jotaro doesn't know
about that technique.    

Silver Chariot
can launch its rapier.    

I have one chance only.    

If the opponent dodges,
I'm done for.    

I use it only as a last resort.    

No, I didn't k*ll you,    

but I don't think
you'll be fighting again.    

That's strange...    

The sword's back in its scabbard.    

Did it just slip back in by chance?    

Now that I see this sword up close,    

I see its beauty.    

I must unsheathe it...    

Hey, Polnareff. There you are.    

You worried us,
going off like that by yourself.    

We thought you'd been ambushed.    

Polnareff?    

Huh? Oh.
It's you, Mr. Joestar.    

My mind's so fuzzy... 

Maybe it's from
being tossed around, 

or maybe it's from
all these wounds. 

Polnareff, why are you squatting?    

You step in some poop?    

Wait? Where'd you find that sword?
Did something happen?    

Yeah...
I was just fighting that jerk.    

What? An enemy Stand user?    

It's over now.    

He said his Stand
was the god Anubis.    

It was a Stand that could
phase through objects and cut them.    

He was a powerful opponent.    

"But, of course,
he was no match for me." 

Polnareff reassured himself. 

He att*cked me with this swor--    

Huh?    

It's gone?    

Rats are running
off with the sword!    

Hey!    

Talk about creepy...    

So rats steal stuff here?    

If you want to steal,
go steal some damn cheese!    

That's odd...    

Now the sword's stuck
in the scabbard.    

Polnareff!    

I'm glad you're all right,    

but don't ever run off
by yourself again.    

It's too dangerous!    

They'll att*ck if you're
alone for even a few seconds.    

Oh, no! That's our ship!    

Let's hurry.
We need to get to Edfu today.    

Wait. Hey!    

Polnareff...    

So you brought the sword?    

I'm turning it in to the police.
It is a dangerous w*apon.    

Good, we can't take any chances.    

Who knows who might
pick it up at those ruins.    

Besides, it's likely to be
extremely valuable.    

Hey, Iggy! Quiet!    

We could get kicked out of here!    

What the hell is with you today?    

Well, since this damn dog
won't shut up,    

I think I'll take this
to the cops now.    

Polnareff! I thought we told you
not to go off on your own!    

I just told you!
Jotaro, go with him.    

Right.    

Hey.
Shouldn't we get to the police station?    

Oh, come on!    

A man's got to look
his best, right?    

Oh, right.    

Excuse me, would you put
this sword over there?    

Certainly.    

That thing's a dangerous w*apon.    

Anyway, I was rolling around a bit
and got kinda dirty.    

Make this handsome face gorgeous
again will you, Mr. Barber?    

Certainly.    

Ow...    

Hey, watch it!
That razor's dull.    

Sharpen that thing!    

This is supposed to be
the most relaxing part!    

Good grief.
What a prima donna.    

That so? My apologies.    

Good!    

Much better.
Now that's a shave.    

So very... glad to hear, sir.    

Très bien! 

Now under my chin, too.    

Certainly.    

Right here...    

under your chin, yes?    

Under the chin!
Right, Polnareff?    

What?    

It's me, you fool.
The Anubis Stand!    

Grr! 

The sword itself is a Stand! 

I won't lose to someone
I've faced before! 

He's strong... 

The more I fight him,
the faster his att*cks become. 

The look in Polnareff's eyes... 

I'll have... 

your head!
Under the chin, right, Polnareff?  

What?  

It's me, you fool.
The Anubis Stand!  

Now what? 

Die!  

I'll shave your jaw clean off!  

Who the hell are you?  

And what've you done
with the barber?  

Could that sword possibly be…   

Could it be the Stand?   

Is it controlling the barber?   

So the guy at Kom Ombo
wasn't the Stand user!   

Polnareff…   

Either way,
I'm still stronger than you!   

He's so strong…   

I learned Chariot's moves
and powers during our last battle!   

I won't lose twice
to the same opponent!   

Come on.   

 Come on, you've almost got it.   

 EPISODE   : ANUBIS, PART     

Oh?   

Polnareff and Jotaro
seem to be taking a while.   

Polnareff, what's…   

Is this barber a…   

Stay back, Jotaro!   

This sword is the Stand.   

It's too dangerous to use
Star Platinum's bare fists   

against this blade.   

The barber isn't the Stand user!
He's just a puppet.   

Not to mention,   

this Stand's even stronger now!   

You bastard!   

Whoa, there.   

Too much to handle?   

Now I know the limits
of your defense.   

Let's see if you can survive
my next att*ck, Polnareff!   

Polnareff!   

He's getting stronger…
with every strike!   

I can't keep parrying.   

He's going to get me!   

Now!   

Take this!   

What?   

I know all your moves now.   

It doesn't matter
who my wielder is.   

If I fought you once…   

I never…   

ever lose twice!   

It's no use.
Without my rapier I'm dead…   

sh*t! Help, Jotaro!   

Star Platinum!   

Think he's through?   

No, that was a shallow punch.   

And it took just about
everything I had.   

-Hey, Khan. Are you all right? Hey…
-sh*t. This guy's strong.   

We haven't seen
one like this in a while.   

A stand that doesn't
rely on gimmicks…   

Just pure power.   

Not bad, Star Platinum.   

So the rumors are true.
You're swift.   

But now that I've seen it,
I can b*at it.   

What's wrong, Khan?   

Stay back!   

He's being controlled!   

If you want to remain in one piece,
get back in and hide!   

We're in major trouble, Jotaro.   

The more we fight,
the faster it gets.   

Its next att*ck will be
its fastest,   

and strongest yet!   

Move, Polnareff.   

It's me he's after!   

Run, Jotaro!   

Die!   

He caught it with
his bare hands?   

To take that risk is…   

Now I know.   

The true source of
Star Platinum's strength   

isn't its speed and precision.   

It's Jotaro's split-second
decision-making ability   

and nerves of steel.   

Now I know…   

Is he dead?   

No, he's just unconscious.   

Jotaro, don't touch that sword!   

You snapped it in half,   

but the Stand's powers
might still be lingering.   

Unsheathed, the sword controls
anyone who touches it.   

Let's get the blade back in
without touching the hilt.   

Now what?   

If someone ever draws it out again,
we're done for.   

This thing's already
learned our abilities.   

We won't get any second chances.   

How about tossing
the freaking thing into the river   

to live at the bottom of the Nile?   

The bottom of the Nile, huh?
Sound's good to me!   

Hold it! Police!   

Perfect timing.
This guy needs a hospital…   

I have reports of a brawl
at the barber shop!   

What are you doing
with that sword?    

Hand it over!    

Hey, stop!    

Don't pull it out!    

Polnareff!    

No!    

His eyes… that stare… 

He's under the sword's spell. 

Hey! You drew the sword!    

I drew the sword?    

Officer, you should really
be more careful.    

And you call yourself
a servant of the law?    

Hey, what are you doing?    

You're the one who drew it!    

I don't know who you are
or where you're hiding,    

but it's clear Polnareff's
under your control.    

I've never fought
against Polnareff. 

And with Chariot I won't be able
to pull any punches. 

I could end up k*lling him. 

Don't forget that I, Anubis,    

have already witnessed
all of Star Platinum's moves.    

If I've fought you once,    

I never lose twice!    

Hey, now.    

His speed… it's incredible! 

He's getting faster.
Soon he'll outpace me! 

I have to stop his sword! 

I've got to catch the blade again! 

It sped up! 

I'll take your head!    

Wha...    

Such speed and power. 

It's the fastest Stand
I've ever faced. 

At this rate I'll lose. 

I have to fight Polnareff
full force, or I'm dead. 

So you head butted the sword away    

after you realized
you'd failed to catch my blade…    

I almost had you.    

I was so close.    

But…    

I've learned that skill now, too.    

Jotaro.    

You think you can k*ll Polnareff
and live, don't you?    

Such wishful thinking. How naive!    

Because… what I'm about to show you
will end all of this!    

Can you…    

b*at this, Jotaro?    

Behold the Silver Chariot
and Anubis…    

two-sword technique!    

ANUBIS
KHAN    

Dammit… 

This extra sword,
his accelerating speed… 

Even my Star Platinum… 

What's the matter?
A bit winded, Jotaro?    

I'll stop him before he kills me! 

Star Finger!    

My right arm is as light
as a feather now.    

Interesting.
I guess that was one option…    

You look surprised.    

Round two! Armor release!    

You fool!
Your "ora ora" is no match    

for two swords wielded
by two master swordsmen!    

Your stomach is wide open!    

I've got you now!    

I did it! I win!    

Master Dio!
I've exterminated Jotaro!    

I, the god Anubis, have k*lled him!    

Victory!    

Don't think you'll be able to stop
the blade or pull it out.    

I've already surpassed
Star Platinum.    

Now for the final thrust…    

The final thrust?    

Precisely!    

I'll slice open your bowels!
And Master Dio will rejoice!    

Stop.    

Don't drive the blade in
any further…    

It'll be m*rder.    

No mercy!    

I'll spill your guts
onto the pavement!    

What?    

You're breaking me!
I have to pull free!    

Stop!    

Weren't you saying something
about slicing me open?    

I told you it'd be m*rder
if you drove that blade in any further…    

your m*rder, that is.    

You're an easy target
when the sword is still.    

What a pain…    

This last att*ck
took everything I had.    

Luckily it was enough to defeat him    

before he could learn it
like all the rest.    

I've never been so exhausted.    

I have to find Avdol
and the old man, fast.    

What just happened?    

The sword didn't possess me,
did it?    

Yeah… But it's over.    

Forgive me…    

Polnareff, get the old man
and Avdol.    

I can't walk. I'm too tired.    

Wow, it's shiny…    

Now I've learned that trick, too… 

My Stand user was the swordsmith
who forged me     years ago. 

He perished long ago,
but I survive.    

I am a Stand with no master.    

Master Dio found me and saved me
from the shadows of the museum.    

Master Dio's Stand, The World,
is far more powerful than me. 

That's why I pledged my loyalty.    

Jotaro,    

I swear, I'll m*rder you!    

I know your strength. 

Your speed… 

You'll never see it coming! 

I'll s*ab you in the back! 

Die, Jotaro! 

What? 

No! I missed!
A dog tripped me?    

Where did that mutt come from?    

Hey, Iggy.    

What are you eating?
A lollipop?    

Eating right off the ground again…
Filthy mutt.    

That river is…    

The Nile River!    

No, this can't be happening!    

I'm heading right for it!    

If I fall into the river,
I'm done for! I'll rust away!    

Somebody stop me!    

Ah ha! A wall!
The wall will stop me!    

Lucky me!    

What?    

No! I was so panicked,    

I went right through
the wall by accident!    

I'm going to fall in!    

Yes! It's a ship!
I'm saved!    

If I wedge into those planks,    

that guy's curiosity
will make him pull me out.    

Then, I'll take over his mind!    

I'll use his body
to take revenge on Jotaro!    

Ack! A cow's on board?    

Wait! Calm down! Hey!    

Cool it, you stupid cow!    

I know!
I'll take over the cow's mind!    

And then…    

I won't make it in time!    

Hey, look.
That cow is going berserk!    

Good grief.
Who cares about a damn cow?    

Just go get the old man and Avdol.    

Help me!    

Hey, fishies. Come here.    

Come on, swim to me.    

Hey, wait! Where are you going?    

Hey, Mr. Crab.    

Do me a favor and take me ashore.    

I'll give you something yummy.    

Wait! Don't leave me, Mr. Crab!    

I'll be rusted through
in a couple of days!    

Help me!    

Don't leave me!    

I'm so alone!    

 ANUBIS DEFEATED    

Stupid mutt.    

What are you staring at?    

There's nothing to eat over there.    

Wha...    

You stinking…    

What the hell
have you been eating?    

Polnareff…    

To think,
all that happened without us.    

The Anubis Stand, huh…
That must have been rough, Jotaro.    

Yeah…    

-Stop!
-I'm never going anywhere...    

-Get off of me!
-...with him again.    

Stop it already, you stupid mutt!    

STAR PLATINUM
JOTARO KUJO    

The average tourist to Egypt 

is mostly unaware of the country's
rich ethnic diversity. 

Take this Egyptian man, 

wearing the traditional jellabiya. 

Or this Egyptian national
of Nubian descent. 

Here is a Bedouin resident
from Egypt's desert region. 

This gentleman 

hails originally from a different
continent altogether, India. 

And for a particularly
non-anthropological example, 

another member of
the Egyptian community… 

Hey! That chick's legs are smokin'!
So hot!    

I can't keep my eyes off of her.    

She's just… wow!
They pull you right in!    

 PREVIEW    

Is something wrong, Mr. Joestar? 

There is something wrong! 

What do you think you're doing, 

-you old pervert?
-Something is wrong. 

When you encounter something
you aren't supposed to touch… 

My body! 

…makes you want to touch it. 

No more!
Good morning!  

How are we feeling today,
Mr. Kakyoin?  

Well, this new way of life
has certainly set me on edge.  

Any further discomfort?  

No.
The painkillers must be working.  

Good. That's excellent news.  

Morning, Kakyoin.  

Doctor, these bandages...  

How much longer
do I have to keep them on?   

I don't have much time.   

Kakyoin, you will recover,   

but this is nothing
to take lightly.   

You will need to remain in our care
for a little while longer.   

For how long, well, I'm afraid,
I'm unable to say.   

Oh I'm kidding!   

You need time to heal.   

But, well, for some reason,   

the Speedwagon Foundation doctors
recently contacted us.   

They've asked that we entrust
your care to them.   

Though I'm sure their state-of-the-art
medical treatments   

will prove effective.   

Who exactly are you, anyway?   

The Speedwagon Foundation
is world-famous.   

I can't imagine they'd want
anything to do   

with an ordinary
high school student.   

Let's just say I have
a very dependable friend.   

Thank you, Mr. Joestar. 

I guess it won't be long
before I see you after all. 

Jotaro, Polnareff, Avdol, Iggy... 

Hang in there. 

 EPISODE   : BAST'S MARIAH, PART     

Located along the Nile
in Southern Egypt 

is the city of Luxor. 

To the ancient Egyptians,
it was the site of Thebes. 

And it is here,
on the west bank of the Nile, 

where the pharaohs
were once laid to rest. 

Today we call this sacred site
the Valley of the Kings. 

The tomb of the great
t*nk lies here,   

in the Valley of the Kings.   

Wow, this place is full of history.   

Apparently,
some residents of this area   

still dig beneath their houses   

in search of treasure without
permission from the government.   

You think there are
any undiscovered   

tombs or treasure left?   

Perhaps.   

Hey, where'd the old man go?   

To the bathroom.   

He's with Iggy, so the dog will
alert him to anything unusual.   

Bathroom?   

Do you need to go?   

If it's a normal bathroom.   

It's so arid here,   

the crap dries up
and turns to dust...   

Instead of water,
this toilet uses wind?   

And there's no toilet paper.   

Wait, is this...   

some kind of sand bidet?   

You wipe your ass... with sand?   

Desert sand is sterile. 

I think I'll pull a Polnareff   

and wait until
we get back to the hotel.   

What's the point of this shack?
Might as well go behind a rock.   

This is weird even for Egypt.   

This makes no sense.   

Why is there an electrical outlet
in the rock?   

I wonder what it's for?   

There's no electricity here...   

It shocked me...   

Mr. Joestar, are you all right?   

It's time to leave.   

Huh? Right...   

Got it. I'll be right there.   

That scared the living daylights
out of me...   

I can't believe it was live.   

I guess the cables run
underground?   

God only knows.   

This place is surreal...   

Card of the Goddess Bast
Stand User: Mariah 

You know what they say...
Curiosity k*lled the cat.   

We could make it to Cairo
in two days,   

but we're all injured
and exhausted.   

Why don't we take tonight
and tomorrow in Luxor   

to recover somewhat?   

Sounds good to me.
Ever since we got to Egypt,   

the enemy Stands
have been getting stronger.   

We've been winning by a hair.   

Hey, Mr. Joestar,
is something wrong?   

My prosthetic's acting up.   

I probably just need
to oil the joints.   

Hey you! That radio's busted!   

That's odd. It's made in Japan,
and I just bought it...   

It's just static!
Turn that thing off!   

Mr. Joestar?   

Yeah, I suppose we should
rest up before heading to Cairo.   

But don't let your guard down.   

All right. Let's find a hotel.   

How strange.   

Thanks, mister.    

Come again!    

Hey, now it's working again!    

What the...
The hammer's so heavy...    

What?    

The nails! It hurts...    

Did you bang your finger with
the hammer or something?    

Watch out!    

You can't just go throwing
hammers around!    

Geez...    

Mr. Joestar...    

Mr. Joestar... Wake up.    

Hey, hurry up!    

Polnareff won't stop blathering
about getting breakfast.    

Hurry and wake him up, Avdol!    

Tell him he's got five minutes!    

I thought old people get up early!    

Damn smart-aleck. Has no respect...    

Tell him I'll be down in a minute.    

As you wish.    

Did my watch stop?    

But you know, Mr. Joestar...    

For a man of your age,    

your sleeping habits
are quite remarkable.    

You're facing the wrong way.    

You went to bed facing south,
but woke up facing north.    

A sign of youthfulness, perhaps?    

I'll be downstairs.    

Something's strange...
Ever since yesterday afternoon...    

My hand's still acting up, too.    

What's wrong with this chair?
It's moving on its own!    

Could these floors be slanted?    

For such a pricey hotel,
it's sure made on the cheap.    

Where should we go today?    

Karnak was amazing,
so I'd say something like that.    

It's a little far, but how about
the Valley of the Queens?    

What do you think you're doing,
you old pervert?    

Weirdo!    

What just happened...    

Oh, my. You naughty man.    

You need to work
on your approach, but...    

You're j-u-s-t my t-y-p-e...    

Smooch!    

Something wrong!
Something's really wrong!    

Things have been off
since yesterday afternoon!    

What?    

It's...    

It's stuck...    

Is metal sticking to me?    

Is that why metal objects
are flying toward me!    

Has my body...    

My body...    

has it turned into a magnet?    

Ow!    

Is this...
The work of a Stand?    

But why?
Why can't I see it? 

How could these knives and forks
fly at me without a Stand nearby? 

Could it be...    

Is this because of the socket on
that rock from yesterday?    

That shock?    

I can't pull free...    

Oh, no!
This escalator's made of steel!    

The magnetic pull is getting
stronger by the minute!    

What?    

Hey, you!
You in the micro-miniskirt!    

You've got to help me!    

Your chain's wrapped around me!    

I'm getting pulled into
the escalator!    

Push the emergency stop button
down below!    

Hurry! The chains are
pulling me tighter...    

This thing's gonna rip off
my hands and feet!    

Hey, are you listening?    

Have fun, Joseph Joestar.    

What? So it's you...    

You're the Stand user!    

BAST
MARIAH    

So it's you...    

You're the Stand user!    

Once you've made contact    

with the magnetic field
of my Stand, Bast,    

there's no escape.    

Someone!
Someone stop the escalator!    

That's it!    

I'll push the emergency
stop button...    

With my Hermit Purple!    

What? Where's the stop button?    

Does this escalator not have one?    

Dammit!    

This escalator doesn't have
an emergency button!    

I'm getting pulled in!    

My neck!    

It's gonna cut off my head!    

I'm done for!    

-It's gonna sever my head!
-Ahem!    

-This is it! I'm gonna die!
-Mr. Joestar. Ahem!    

Hello, Mr. Joestar.    

-I'm gonna be decapitated...
-Ahem.    

...by the escalator!    

The escalator stopped
quite some time ago.    

I pushed the emergency
stop button.    

It's on the side.    

All good!    

I just finished inspecting
this escalator.    

Nothing's wrong!    

The emergency button
works just fine!    

Oh, are you the manager
of this hotel?    

Could you sign here please?    

What's going on, Mr. Joestar?    

It's a Stand.
An enemy Stand's got me.    

My body is like a magnet now...    

She turned me into a magnet!
Metal sticks to me!    

Pull this thing off me!    

The magnetic pull
keeps getting stronger...    

That's her!
That woman is the Stand user!    

-What?
-We have to stop her!    

I have to somehow get rid of
this insane magnetic pull,    

or I won't be able to move!    

Let's get Jotaro and Polnareff!
They're outside.    

What?    

-It's... so heavy...
-Avdol?    

There's no time to get them!    

She's getting away!    

Mr. Joestar, don't stay! Go!    

Right!    

I have to get a good look at her!    

This is...    

She went into
the Ladies' Room.    

Now what?    

I'm going in.    

My life's on the line!    

-I have to catch her!
-Mr. Joestar?    

The old man's still not back?    

Yeah, Avdol went to get him,
but he's not back, either...    

Oh no!    

They sneaked off...    

to have an amazing
meal without us?    

He's just taking his time
in the john.    

Look, if they don't show up
in the next five minutes,    

we'll go look for them.    

Oh, yeah. The bathroom.
You're probably right...    

Come to think of it, the bathrooms
in this hotel are spotless...    

Mr. Joestar,
now that we're in here...    

Just as I expected.    

-We've got a problem on our hands.
-Shh!    

Shh...    

Forgive me, but I haven't a clue...
Which one do you think she's in?    

She's got amazing legs.    

Her legs?    

Yes! Look for those legs!    

You can't miss them.    

We're going to peek?    

No.    

Nope...    

And no again.    

Mr. Joestar, here!    

Come here! Are these her legs?    

Oh, my. You're that handsome fellow
from before.    

You've come looking for me here?    

Ooh! Such a filthy man...    

Smooch!    

It's that hag again!
But she was on the second floor!    

This isn't good!    

We got the wrong person.
This is very troubling...    

How could you screw that up?    

-Avdol, run!
-Wai--    

Perverts!    

I don't deserve this!
Polnareff's the one who should be    

getting called a pervert
in the Ladies' Room!    

-Dirty old man!
-Disgusting!    

Perverts!    

How scrumptious!    

She's headed that way!    

Damn it. How'd she get so far?    

After her!    

Avdol, I forgot to tell you,    

but don't touch
any electrical outlets.    

No matter where they are!    

That's her Stand!    

You'll get zapped,
and then the magnetism will get you!    

I'm afraid I already did,
Mr. Joestar.    

What? Where?    

When I pushed the emergency
stop button on the escalator...    

There was a socket next to it.
It got me! 

That little tramp...    

Mr. Joestar, could you please
give me some space?    

I can't run with you
stuck to me like this.    

You move, Avdol!    

What are you talking about?    

You're the one
who's running close to me!    

Two magnets
next to each other will...    

stick together!    

I can't believe she turned me
into a magnet too...    

Mr. Joestar, we're in...    

...big trouble, I know!    

She's so...    

She's so...    

...strong!    

My body, too, became a magnet... 

We can't help it!
We're both in her power now. 

What a strong woman! 

What should we do? At this rate... 

I've never backed down
from a fight! 

I'm just going... to keep on fighting!
Previously on
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure... 

That's her!
That woman is the Stand user!  

Oh, my. You naughty man.  

You need to work on
your approach, but... Smooch!  

Avdol, I forgot to tell you,  

but don't touch
any electrical outlets.  

I'm afraid I already did,
Mr. Joestar.  

What?  

Two magnets
next to each other will...   

stick together!   

Mr. Joestar, we're in...   

...big trouble, I know!   

 EPISODE   :
BAST'S MARIAH, PART     

 Hey! Wait!   

Damn it...   

She just turned the corner!
After her!   

Blast it! I can't believe
my body's become a magnet, too!   

Calm down, Avdol!   

Getting hysterical won't help us.   

Just focus on how to defeat
this Stand!   

Now where is that woman?
Damn it!   

I don't see her.   

Well, we can't stay here
like this forever.   

Let's slowly try to stand up.   

Very well.   

All right, we did it.   

Now, let's try to pull away
from each other.   

Since we're stuck together,   

the magnetic force holding us
together is double.   

Let's get to that fence.   

Then we'll grab on
and pull away from each other.   

We can do it, Avdol!
Get those stomach muscles ready!   

Stay in sync!   

Right, Mr. Joestar.   

-One!
-Two!   

Mr. Joestar... I have to say,
this is quite embarrassing.   

Hey! What do you think
you're looking at?   

We're practicing our dance moves.
It's called dancing!   

What a perfect day
for dancing outdoors!   

Now scram, damn it!   

All right.
Almost there, Avdol.   

-One, two, and...
-One, two, and...   

We did it!
We made it without falling!   

Indeed...   

Avdol, think you can slide off me?   

Yes, I might be able to.   

All right...   

I'll hang on to the fence,
and you slide down.   

Free yourself once you're at
the tip of my foot.   

Look, our faces are stuck together,
so that means   

my feet and your head
should repel each other.   

Right...   

NEGATIVE POSITIVE
POSITIVE NEGATIVE   

All right! That's it.   

What's wrong, Avdol?   

Isn't this position a bit...   

It's highly suggestive...   

If anyone sees us,
they might think...   

No one's looking!
Hurry up and slide off my...   

They brought their friends!   

Hey! Get lost, brats!
Stop looking at us!   

Hey! I said b*at it, you damn...   

Avdol, hurry!
Hurry up and get off me!   

I'm trying...   

I can't believe
this is happening to me!   

The embarrassment!   

Fine, then I'll move!   

Mr. Joestar, slow down!   

Mr. Joestar, if you move like that...   

It's that old hag again!   

I come back for my handsome man
and find this?   

How dare you toy
with a maiden's heart?   

Cheater!   

Hurry! Hurry, Avdol!
The tears are coming!   

You scoundrel!   

Wait... This is a misunderstanding!   

We did it!   

We need to stay far apart
from each other!   

Your magnetic pull
is getting stronger.   

Curse you, damned fool!
Go to hell!   

There she is. It's her.   

Look at her, smoking a cigarette...   

Avdol, you go from that side.   

Don't let her get away this time.   

She's cunning.   

This may be a trap.   

No, Mr. Joestar...   

It seems we've already fallen
into her trap!   

Railroad tracks!   

My foot is stuck!   

We're...   

stuck...   

-together again!
-together again!   

Son of a bi--   

Mr. Joestar, something's...   

That sound...
Oh, no! We can't stay here!   

Avdol, use Magician's Red
to burn through the tracks!   

We need to get out of here now!   

But, Mr. Joestar...    

It's coming! The train's coming!
Hurry up and melt these tracks!    

I can't.
If I burn away the tracks...    

The train will derail,
and innocent people will die!    

She's pure evil...    

I could try to grab her
with my vines,    

but she's out of range.    

I might be able to pull us free
using this post...    

It's no use!    

The magnetic pull
is even stronger now.    

Mr. Joestar, keep pulling!
Keep trying!    

It's coming! Pull harder!    

Now what?    

I win.    

BAST
MARIAH    

I've won, Lord Dio!    

Now to k*ll Jotaro and Polnareff!    

Good thinking, Avdol!    

You b*rned through
the railroad ties    

and dug a hole!    

This is it!    

This suits the image
of Mohammed Avdol!    

This is the role
my character plays!    

Clever little bastard...    

You...    

sh*t-eating b*tches!    

Magician's Red!    

Hermit Purple!    

I've got you!    

Now, young lady...    

I regret that I'm now going
to strangle you enough    

to put you in the hospital
for a week.    

Your magnetism is rather
troublesome, you know.    

What are you imagining?
My chest didn't get bigger...    

Your magnetism just got stronger.    

This is what I had in my pockets.    

The w*apon I had in my pockets!    

Mr. Joestar, duck!    

Magician's Red!    

Your magnetic force will keep
growing stronger...    

Until your bodies are crushed.    

She's getting away!    

No, she's not escaping.    

She's keeping a certain distance
between us.    

I'm sure that woman fights by    

staying neither too close
nor too far.    

If she gets too close to us,
she'll be caught.    

If she goes too far,
the magnetism stops working.    

This magnetism
is the work of a Stand,    

so it follows the rules of Stands.    

Once the user is too far away,
its power weakens!    

What shall we do?    

She said the magnetism
would keep getting stronger.    

Shall we flee until
the magnetic force expires?    

No. Even if we were able
to escape this magnetism,    

it won't mean
we defeated the Stand.    

I, Joseph Joestar,    

have strategically retreated from
fights in my younger days,    

but I've never once
abandoned a fight.    

I'm going to keep fighting
with all my might!    

This is a map of the city.
Right now, we're here.    

The woman is here.    

If she continues down this road,    

she'll loop around
and head back this way.    

We'll split up    

and catch the woman here.    

I won't think of her
as a woman anymore.    

I'll get her, no matter what!    

After her!    

Hey, look.    

The rails have been cut...    

People from the city have arrived.    

I'm sure they'll report the damage
before the next train comes.    

Let's go!    

Seems like something's going on.    

Someone cut the rail line!    

Will the trains be okay?    

They've stopped running for now.    

Someone cut the rail line?    

That's a pretty crappy thing to do.    

Why would someone do that?
Are they stupid?    

You know, Jotaro...    

I think people like that
will get what they deserve.    

I spent three months' pay on this.    

Let's get married!    

Oh, my...    

Huh? Wait, what?    

Huh?    

They're chasing
as fast as they can...    

But they'll never catch me.    

Stay calm. Gotta stay calm...    

Looks like you can barely move now.    

You won't be able to
chase me anymore.    

You think so?    

I know these roads
better than you do.    

Look behind you.    

It's a pincer att*ck!    

We've finally cornered you.    

Now, at the last moment,
the tables have turned!    

A pincer att*ck?    

You still don't get it.    

You think you've cornered me,
but it's you two who are cornered.    

Look above you!    

High voltage power lines!    

Crap! Power lines are...    

That's right.
Power lines are magnetic.    

You'll burn to a crisp!    

Magician's Red!    

Hermit Purple!    

Avdol can defend himself
with his flames, just barely,    

but you have no chance, Joestar.    

My Bast's power is far greater...    

than your Hermit Purple's!    

Woman, my flames will roast you!    

Something's pulling me!
My whole body's being pulled!    

What is this?    

I control flames
that can melt steel,    

but I can't defend
myself from this...    

My body is being crushed!    

I can't keep this up!    

Joseph Joestar,
since this is the end, I'll tell you...    

You were quite amazing.    

We've only known each other
for a few minutes,    

but you are witty and canny,
and your experience gives you    

the good judgment
that young people lack.    

You've got
very charming looks, too.    

Our ages are quite far apart,    

but I might not have minded
being with you.    

That's great...    

Would you mind saving me, then?    

Hmm...    

You're a lot more powerful
than my Hermit Purple!    

I can't hold on much longer...
Please. Stop the magnetism!    

Well...    

Nah, I don't think so.    

You're nowhere near as charming
as Lord Dio.    

Is there nothing that will
convince you to stop the magnetism?    

No, not happening.
Sorry, but you have to die.    

Even though I'm begging you?    

You're much too persistent,
you fool.    

Then you've lost, young lady.    

What?    

Shi--    

We told you this was
a pincer att*ck!    

Magnets are attracted
to each other.    

Once you were between us,
your luck ran out.    

She can't hear you, Mr. Joestar.
It looks like she's passed out.    

She's been crushed by
the weight and magnetic force.    

I'm sure she's broken
more than a few bones.    

Now, then...
Shall we go get some breakfast?    

Certainly. I'm rather hungry
after all that running around.    

It's already  :   a.m.    

sh*t-eating b*tches...    

MARIAH
BAST    

ALL BONES BROKEN,
ADMITTED TO HOSPITAL.    

 UNABLE TO RECOVER.
(MUST RETIRE)    

 HERMIT PURPLE
JOSEPH JOESTAR    

They're taking forever...    

What the hell are they doing?    

They're taking longer than
a woman getting dressed.    

It's almost  :   a.m.    

They might have
encountered an enemy.    

Maybe we should go look for them.    

Yeah. Good grief.    

Come on, Iggy.    

I know, you're hungry, right?    

So am I.    

Mariah is fighting with
Joestar and Avdol.    

I, Alessi, shall k*ll
Jotaro and Polnareff.    

Now, little boy. 

Come with me to the bathroom
and take off your clothes. 

Well done. 

I'll help you take them off. 

-Well done.
-I'll apply some ointment. 

Well done. 

Is this really okay? 

Well done...
First, let's rewind a bit. 

While Joseph and Avdol
were fighting Mariah, 

Jotaro and Polnareff were... 

Here you go, ma'am.  

Your whiskey and soda.  

Enjoy.  

Oh, it looks so good.  

Gulp, gulp, gulp.  

My, aren't we thirsty
this early in the morning.   

It's fine.   

My husband's away on business
and won't be home for another week.   

Now, have some cake.   

Oh, don't trouble yourself.
I'm fine, thank you.   

Kids are great, aren't they?
They're so innocent.   

It's almost  :   a.m.   

The old man and Avdol
are taking too long.   

They might have been att*cked.   

Think we should go look for them?   

I guess. Good grief.   

Come on, Iggy.   

I know, you're hungry, right?   

So am I.   

Hey, where are you going?   

Geez! Stupid mutt.   

Let's go.   

Hey!   

I wanna play, too!   

No way! You're mean!   

No you guys are--   

Ow...   

You didn't cry.   

Attaboy. Are you okay?   

How old are you, kid?   

Four years old, eh?   

Attaboy. Where's your daddy?   

Work.   

Oh, Daddy's at work! Attaboy!   

And where's Mommy?   

At home doing laundry.   

Attaboy.   

So you're all by yourself?   

Uh huh...   

Good! Then I get to bash
your face in for ruining my pants!   

You gonna pay to
get this freaking mud off?   

Or get a job to give me the cash?   

You think I have years
to wait for some little punk?   

You stupid, pain-in-the-ass brat!   

Mommy!   

Joestar and Avdol
are fighting Mariah.   

I, Alessi, shall k*ll
Jotaro and Polnareff.   

Tenacious buggers!   

I'll do whatever it takes.   

Attaboy, Alessi.   

Name: Alessi 

Stand: Set, god of storms and chaos 

Favorite phrase: "Attaboy!" 

Polnareff, keep your guard up.   

Forget who you're talking to?   

Mr. Joestar and Avdol
seem to have gone.   

And it doesn't seem like
there was a struggle.   

Old man. Avdol. Anyone home?   

Jotaro.   

I have a bad feeling about this.   

Yeah.   

That looks so good.   

Come on, let me have a bite.   

All right, here.   

-Huh?
-My sandwich!   

Hey! Get back here!   

You little devil!   

Nowhere to run?   

You don't get it, do you?   

You didn't realize
I lured you here.   

You thought you were hunting me?   

You're going to fry!   

Magician's Red!   

Hermit Purple!   

Avdol can defend himself
with his flames.   

It's over for you, Joestar.   

My Stand, the Goddess Bast,   

is far stronger than
your Hermit Purple!   

Um... Uh...
I dropped my change...   

Where'd it go...   

Hey... What do you
think you're doing?   

I can tell you're following us.   

I can see the evil in your eyes.   

Huh?   

Were you talking to me?   

I'm not sure what
you're talking about.   

Evil? My loving parents
gave me these baby blues...   

I found my change.   

Oh? Then prove it!   

Prove that you're not a Stand user...   

Bastard!   

That was close...   

So you are a Stand user!   

He's running?   

Hey, Jotaro! It's the enemy!   

I found him!    

Polnareff...    

Where'd you go?    

Jotaro, over here!    

Come back here, you!    

Wait!    

What the hell? He's fast!
How can he be so fast?    

He's already so far ahead...    

Huh? My voice... Whoa!    

Ow!    

What's with my shoes...
They're huge!    

Hey, watch it.    

Run around in the street
and you'll get hurt.    

You're lucky I wasn't some car.    

Shut up, idiot!    

Lecture someone else
with that big mouth!    

Now outta my way!
I'm chasing someone!    

What do you think
you're doing? Hey!    

What? It's really high up here!    

He's lifting me up with one arm?    

How tall is this guy?    

His face and hands are huge!    

Hey, you little brat!    

I'll teach you not to talk
to adults that way.    

You think you can be a grown-up
just by wearing grown-up clothes?    

Annoying, good-for-nothing brat...    

You bastard...    

What? What the hell?    

Move it, kid! Get outta the way!    

What's going on?    

Everyone looks like giants!    

What?    

What the?    

I'm a kid?    

Is this really me?    

I've turned into a kid!    

SET
ALESSI    

Could this really be...    

Is this kid really...    

Me? I'm a kid!    

I turned into a kid!    

Impossible! No way!    

It must be his Stand!    

That creep must have
put a curse on me    

when his shadow Stand touched me. 

This can't be happening!    

sh*t, this is bad.
This is really bad!    

Jo...    

Jo... No, Jay, Jackie, J...    

What was his name?
I can't remember! 

But I know this guy...
He can help me! 

Why can't I remember? 

Hey, kid. Have you seen
a French guy around here?    

He's about yea tall, and he's got
the same haircut as you.    

That's me! It's me!    

Good grief... That was a mistake.    

Wait!    

You're a kid now, my boy.    

Both in mind and body,
you could say.    

Soon, you'll lose all the memories
you built up during adulthood.    

I'm going to forget everything
I knew as an adult? 

It's true...
It's all becoming a blur... 

Guess it's about time, huh?    

I love picking on the weak!    

Attaboy, Alessi!    

Hold it right there!
I won't let you get away, brat.    

I can't really say this too loud,    

but picking on the weak really
does it for me. Maybe too much...    

I may be a little
sick up here, but...    

You know what they say...    

If you think you're crazy,
then you're probably not.    

That must mean I'm all right.    

And it feels oh so good to know
I'll never lose to some kid.    

Mister! Whatever your name is hel--    

So you see...    

my mission is to dispose of you.    

Unfortunately...    

I don't have time to savor the fun.    

That's Silver Chariot, huh?    

I suppose I should've
expected as much;    

seems you were able to summon
your Stand when you were a kid.    

But...    

Chariot... Even Chariot is a kid!    

Pami!    

And he's weak!
His sword's bent from those b*ll*ts! 

My Stand, Set,
reverted you to childhood.    

Your mental abilities reverted too.    

Meaning, your Stand
is also a child's Stand,    

back before you two were
fully attuned to each other.    

Now do you get it?    

Seems you do. Attaboy!    

Still, as weak as it is, your Stand
is still at your disposal.    

I shall use my Stand
for your execution.    

Die, Polnareff!    

You're mine!    

Oh, no!    

It snapped!    

Huh?    

Take that! I meant to do that!    

Ow! It hurts!    

Are you all right, little boy?    

He's gone! 

That guy runs as soon as
there's another adult around. 

I'm safe for now, but what a freak! 

Wait, little boy.    

You're hurt! What happened?    

Huh? Uh... Um, uh...    

What are you mumbling?    

Huh?    

Those wounds need treatment.
I'll fix you up at my house.    

Come on.    

Should I go? 

I have to defeat him or else 

I won't be able to transform back
into an adult! 

But he won't att*ck me
with her around. 

I can think of a plan
in the meantime! 

Come on, now.    

Whoa...    

Oh, right.    

You're hurt. Here, grab on.    

She smells good... 

It hurts!    

Damn it!    

I'm not just going to sit back and
take this from that snot-nosed kid! 

He's gonna pay...
I swear I'll butcher that kid! 

Doesn't look like
he's coming after me. 

All right, little boy.    

We're going to take a bath.
Let's take those clothes off.    

-Huh?
-You're covered in grime.    

I'll clean those wounds right up
and put some medicine on you.    

What are you staring at?    

Oh, all right.    

I'll take them off for you.
Here, raise your leg.    

This isn't...    

What's wrong?    

Nothing.    

No, it is something! 

It is definitely something! 

I don't know why, 

but I feel like
I should be really embarrassed... 

And... 

It's so tiny! 

I don't know why,
but I'm really sad. Boo-hoo! 

Here, hold on.    

We need to get all that dirt off.    

-Here, lift your leg.
-Huh?    

I'm so happy!    

Is it really okay if I do this?    

Is it okay? Of course it is.    

If we don't clean those wounds
they'll get infected.    

Oh, you've got dirt
on your wee-wee too.    

I just don't know why I'm so happy!    

I guess it's all part of
being a "kid"!    

All right, be a good boy, okay?    

Okay!    

Look at him... he's delirious... 

I'll chop his delighted
little face in two! 

What are you grinning about?    

All right. Time to wash your hair.    

Huh? No!    

I hate shampoo!    

-It gets into my eyes! I hate it!
-Rock, paper...    

Scissors.    

Monkey...    

-Monkey do...
-Monkey do...    

I lost!    

Now, sit down.    

Does it sting?    

It stings a lot.    

Then can you wash
your hair all by yourself?    

Uh-huh, I can.    

Oh! Attaboy.    

Yes, that's it.    

Attaboy!    

That's impossible!    

You fell out of the window,
covered in blood... 

The iron bars feel too close! 

This is what it means
to be utterly helpless! 

I touched the shadow again! 

-Lick, lick...
-The lady's gone... The lady... 

What do you think happened to her?
Previously on
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure... 

What?  

I'm a kid?  

Pami!  

Are you okay, little boy?  

I'll clean those wounds right up
and put some medicine on you.  

That's impossible!  

Chariot!  

Pami!   

I'm totally outmatched!   

-The nice lady's gone...
-Pami!   

Where'd she go? 

She was just here... 

She didn't even scream.
What did he do to her? 

Where is she? 

Polnareff!   

You said the shampoo
stings your eyes, right?   

Well, since you got some in there...   

Let me help you wash it off!   

Thoroughly!   

My short arms can't reach! 

If they were just a little longer, 

I could poke his eyes out and run! 

So you pulled the plug, huh? Damn!   

But...   

This way, it'll take even longer
for the water to drain.   

It'd take, what,
five to ten minutes   

before you'd ever
be able to breathe?   

Give it up!   

Time to snuff you out.   

How does it feel to be
utterly helpless, Polnareff?   

What is this?   

This shape...
This color! It can't be...   

You didn't!   

No adult would even think of...   

This smell... It is!   

Foul! You took a sh*t in the tub!   

You thought I was helpless,
but I still had one in me!   

Take that!   

How dare you?   

Have you no basic human decency?   

No hero would ever resort
to something so low!   

You're a very bad boy! Very bad!   

Where is she?   

What'd you do to her?   

Where is she?   

Hey! Where are you? Hey!   

Hey!   

What do you think I did?   

Whoa, there!   

We should both
watch our step, Polnareff.   

You might step on her.   

What?   

It can't be...   

No way...
This can't be happening...   

Oh no...   

Anyone who touches my Stand, Set,   

will experience time in reverse.   

Polnareff, you saw me coming   

and jumped out of my shadow,   

earning you a few more years
than your little friend.   

But she touched my shadow
for several seconds.   

That's why she's become a fetus!   

She's alive for now,   

but she'll die soon enough
outside her mother's womb!   

She got what she deserved
for helping the likes of you.   

What a fool.   

You scum!   

Crap! I just... 

Uh-oh!   

You touched it again!   

You're going to get even younger!   

This time, perhaps four years old
or so, Polnareff.   

Crap!   

I have to... 

I have to hurry up and b*at him,
or the nice lady will... 

At this rate, the nice lady will die
in a matter of minutes! 

I've got to b*at
that freak Alessi fast! 

She made me all better.
She was so caring... 

I have to... 

I have to hurry! 

Come on!   

What do you think you're doing,   

running around
cradling a dying fetus?   

I'll turn you into a fetus too!   

Oh no! I touched it again!   

I'm getting smaller...   

Yahoo!   

Yes! There's no way I can lose now!   

Polnareff! What are you,
three years old now?   

Soon your intellect will be that
of a three-year-old's, too.   

Locking the door won't do any good!   

Dammit! The bars are
too close together.   

Even a kid   

can't slip through.   

Darn!   

I can't cut them...   

Looks like your Chariot's become
a toddler, too!   

Those bars are
way too tough for it now.    

Chariot's a slowpoke!    

Ready or not, here I come!    

Lickity-lick!    

It's me, Polnareff!    

Hm? He's gone...    

What?    

He's gone! That brat...    

Did he somehow slip through
the bars in the window?    

Nice try there! 

Damn you, Polnareff...
Trying to trick me! 

You're trying to
fool me into thinking 

you slipped through the window. 

You must be hiding somewhere, 

waiting to get the drop on me. 

Not bad. 

Quite cunning indeed,
for a miserable little sh*t! 

Come out, wherever you are... 

You're so small now,
you could be in that drawer. 

He's probably hiding
in the bucket or the drawer... 

No, he might be hiding
in that teddy bear. 

Where could he be?
I've got a one-in-three chance. 

I'll get him with one swing. 

I'll cr*ck open his skull
with this axe! 

Gotcha! You're in the teddy bear!    

Or just maybe you're...    

in the grandfather clock!    

I guessed wrong!    

Then...    

Hm, think simple... The bucket!    

Huh?    

So you are in the bear!    

The drawer, then!    

Where is he?    

Impossible! He's gone!    

No... He couldn't have!    

The walls, floor,
and ceiling are all stone. 

Even if they were
one centimeter thick, 

Chariot couldn't break through. 

And those bars
are too narrow for him. 

I saw it with my own eyes. 

This is insane! Where is he?
Where did he go? 

Outsmarted by a toddler, eh?    

Gulp!    

Mister Alessi.    

What?    

One of the goldfish disappeared...    

SET
ALESSI    

I was hiding in the fish t*nk
with a mirror!    

Even a kid could figure that out! 

And you totally fell for it! 

You're as dumb as
you are creepy, Alessi! 

A two-year-old Chariot
can still skewer your face!    

Bad boy!    

-Hey, wait!
-Pami!    

I'm going to keep attacking you
until you break your stand's spell!    

Bad boy!    

Very bad boy!    

That little swine!
He escaped out the window!    

Bad boy!    

Jotaro! 

Crap! I'm dead meat! 

It's Jotaro! What's he doing here? 

It's not often you see someone
fall out the window    

covered in blood...    

Stay calm... 

The one who stays calm
at times like this wins. 

Think about it... Jotaro must be
looking for the grown-up Polnareff. 

He has no clue who I am. 

I'll do what I always do.
I'll play dumb... 

and att*ck him
when he least expects it! 

Ah!    

My boss is going
to be so mad at me!    

I was cleaning the window
and slipped!    

What am I going to do?    

I'm going to get in
so much trouble!    

Hold it right there, bastard!    

Ah! Mister!    

What was his name?
What was it... Um...    

Now's my chance! I was waiting
for Polnareff to poke his head out!    

I've got you, Jotaro!    

Ah! Watch out for his shadow!    

I did it! He touched it!
I touched his shadow!    

No!    

Jotaro! Now you're under
my Stand, Set's, spell!    

This... Wha...    

This is..    

Oh, no!    

He's turning turn into a kid, too!    

Jotaro!    

I heard you developed your Stand,
Star Platinum only recently.    

Which means you weren't able to
use your Stand when you were a kid!    

Now you're just some ordinary kid!    

He's so small!    

He looks like a seven-year-old!    

I win! Master Dio,
I'm gonna k*ll Jotaro!    

You'd better give me
a damn good reward!    

Die, Jotaro!    

Whoa! He punched him!
And with his little-kid fist!    

Good grief.    

Don't underestimate me
just 'cause I'm a kid.    

Damn! Jotaro could kick ass
even as a kid?    

I never knew he was that tough!
And as a kid...    

Mumble... Huh?    

You just got off easy.
Let's fix that!    

Attaboy!    

Stand:
Set, God of Chaos and Storms 

Alessi:    years old, single, 

and unfortunate projectile.
Out of commission! 

Was I dreaming?    

It's that boy's earring. 

So it really did happen. 

For some reason, I couldn't move... 

That's right! I couldn't move,
but I remember everything. 

He devoted himself
to protecting me... 

He fought against a grown man! 

He had such a brave
and heroic heart. 

Where did that little boy go? 

Where did my little knight go? 

Where are you?
Where did you go?    

What an amazing woman.
She was so kind... 

So genuine. 

That was close... 

I'm back to my normal self...
I wonder if she's OK. 

Um, excuse me...    

Did you happen to see
a little boy leave my house?    

He has silver hair, just like you.    

Pardon me for asking,
but have we met before?    

No... I didn't see any kid.    

Let's go, Jotaro.    

Come on, hurry up.    

Ah... Wait!    

Could you be...    

That earring...    

We've never met before.    

There's no way we could have met.    

We're travelers,    

and we've never
come this way before.    

Now, if you will excuse me,    

we have to get to the next town.    

So it was a dream.    

Keep quiet, Jotaro.    

Not a single word.    

Oh! Jotaro and Polnareff!    

Where have you two been?    

Ah, Mr. Joestar and Avdol!    

I told you two not to wander off
on your own.    

Look who's talking!
You're the ones who disappeared!    

Now, now.
Let's get something to eat.    

Iggy! And where the hell
have you been?    

 SILVER CHARIOT
JEAN PIERRE POLNAREFF    

Let me clear that away for you.    

Thanks.    

Finally, a little relief.    

That was quite the late breakfast
if you ask me.    

Yeah...    

We're almost to Cairo.    

We've got to figure out
where Dio is hiding.    

Oh, Mr. Joestar's...    

Will it appear?    

I'm not sure.    

But we're close, so the results
should be more precise.    

All right, here we go!    

Sir, is something the matter?    

We're fine. Go away.    

Yes, sir...    

Well, old man?
Can you see anything?    

Just a little longer.    

I see something...    

There!    

We have our final destination!    

You're the one
who fell for the scam. 

Oh, shut up. 

Gambling is
just like relationships. 

The one who cries loses. 

If he does anything
even remotely strange... 

You can go home if you're scared. 

Let's do it! I'll wager my soul! 

Good.
What is that which goes on
four legs in the morning, 

two at midday,
and three in the evening? 

So goes the riddle of the Sphinx, 

the legendary guardian
of the pyramids. 

The answer: Man. 

Those travelers
who answered incorrectly, 

the tale continues, were devoured
by the ravenous Sphinx. 

Now   ,    kilometers
from Japan, 

Jotaro and crew have
finally reached Cairo. 

Cairo is a vast country.   

We must search
the city systematically,   

working our way in toward the center.   

At last, we made it.   

Jotaro and the others
have reached Cairo. 

But before they can reach Dio, 

the team must navigate the many
"Sphinxes" that stand before them. 

Greetings, strangers.
What can I get you?   

There's something
we want to ask you.   

We're looking for this building.   

Any idea where it is?   

Joseph and the others
were exhausted. 

They had been searching
for the building in the picture 

since their arrival. 

Taken with Joseph's
psychic photography, 

the picture reveals
the current whereabouts of Dio. 

Dio was now in a new hideout, 

and the Speedwagon Foundation
could not locate him. 

Where is Dio? 

Failure to locate him soon, 

will spell certain doom for Holly. 

Honored stranger, this is a café.   

It is customary to order drinks
before asking questions.   

We'll have four iced teas.   

Never seen it.   

Cairo is a city of six million. 

There must be at least
two or three million buildings. 

How are we going to find him? 

We know he's here... 

There has to be someone
who knows. 

This building, huh?   

How am I supposed to tell
from a little picture?   

Sorry, doesn't look familiar.   

I see. Sorry to bother.   

Humph.   

Let's go. We'll inquire elsewhere.   

I know where that building is.   

-What?
-What?   

I'm rather familiar with it,
actually.   

 EPISODE   :
D'ARBY THE GAMBLER, PART     

 Was that you?
Did you just say something?   

I thought I heard you say
you know where this building is.   

Indeed.   

I do know where that building is.   

What? Really?   

What news!   

Yes! I can't believe we just
stumbled upon someone   

who knows where it is!   

Where is it?
Tell us! Where?   

Are you expecting something
for nothing?   

You've got a point.
Sorry about that.   

Here's ten pounds.   

So, where is it?   

I am a gambling man.   

A sucker for cheap thrills.   

You could even say I'm an addict.   

It's how I make my living,
you know.   

Tell me... do you like to gamble?   

I'm not sure what you're getting at.   

Gambling. If you don't fancy it,
just say so.   

I told you I'm not sure
what you mean.   

What I'm saying is, would you like
to play a little game?   

If you win, I'll tell you
the location of your building.   

You mean a bet?
Look, I'm a lucky guy,   

but we don't have time
for poker right now.   

I'll give you another
   pounds, so tell us.   

A bet can be anything.   

It won't take long.   

For example,
take a look over there.   

See that cat?   

So, two pieces of dried fish...   

Which will the cat eat first?   

The right one or the left one?   

How about it?
It's simple but oddly thrilling.   

Enough games!   

Just take the    pounds,
and tell us, bastard!   

Polnareff, that's not the way
you ask someone for a favor.   

OK, fine! I'll take the bet.   

I pick the one on the right!   

Good! Now it's getting fun.   

Then I'll bet on the left.   

Hey, now...   

Hey, Jotaro. Are you thinking
what I'm thinking?   

Yeah... He might be a Stand user.   

He could also be
a compulsive gambler.   

If he tries anything,   

att*ck with Star Platinum.   

Got it.   

And if I lose, what do I owe you?   

A     pounds?    

I don't need money.    

How about your soul?
Yes, your soul, will do just fine.    

What?    

What kind of joke is that?
Cocky bastard. 

I wish we could
get the hell out of here 

and away from this freak. 

So?    

Yeah, whatever.    

Ah, the cat has taken notice
of the fish.    

He's heading right.    

He's going for the one
on the right.    

If I were a cat,
I'd pick the bigger piece. 

The one on the right looks bigger! 

You all saw it.    

He took the left, then the right,
then ran.    

I win.    

Hey, smooth move, Polnareff.
Just perfect...    

Now how are we supposed to
get the information out of him?    

Now, then. As per our agreement,
time to pay up.    

Huh? Pay what?    

Your soul.    

That is indeed
what you just wagered.    

Your soul!    

I am a Stand user who steals souls!    

It's much easier to take people's
souls when they lose a bet.    

That's when my Stand swoops in
to take its prey!    

My God! What the...    

Polnareff!    

Hold it! I wouldn't k*ll me
if I were you. It's too late!    

If I die, Polnareff will die, too!    

Polnareff!    

Hey!    

He has no pulse.    

He's dead! Polnareff is dead!    

Polnareff!    

This is Polnareff's soul.    

Now Lord Dio has one less enemy
to get in his way.    

Such a fool...    

I almost forgot.
Allow me to introduce myself.    

My name is D'Arby.    

D-A-R-B-Y.
There's an apostrophe after the D.    

Gambler, stealer of defeated souls, 

and user of the Osiris Stand. 

And by the way, this is my cat.    

You bastard!    

How dare you! You call that a bet?
You cheating, son of a...    

Cheating?    

Is that so? It's his own fault
for lacking the insight    

to consider all possibilities.    

You see, gambling is an analogy    

for man's relationship
with his fellow man.    

It is a dance of deception.    

The one who cries loses.    

Are you going to k*ll me?    

Go right ahead.    

If you don't mind losing
your friend's soul, that is.    

You listen to me!    

Don't think you're walking
out of here alive!    

Do you remember
what you were doing on    

September   nd,     
at   :   p.m.?    

What are you talking about?    

I remember quite clearly.    

I was in California 

gambling against an American
named Stephen Moor. 

He said the same thing
you just said. 

This is him.    

The chip below him is his father,    

and the one next to him
is his wife.    

If you want Polnareff's soul back,    

you have no choice
but to continue    

our little game.    

This man is evil incarnate... 

He's planning to take each of us,
one by one.    

So what'll it be?    

You're welcome to go
if you're scared...    

I'll just keep Polnareff here
for safe keeping.    

Here... have a drink
and think about it.    

Care for a piece of chocolate?    

Mr. Joestar, what are you doing?    

Do you know what
surface tension is, Barbie?    

It's D'Arby.
My name is D'Arby.    

You mean, how the liquor appears
to almost overflow    

but remains delicately
on the brink?    

What do you have in mind?    

The rules are simple.    

We take turns dropping coins
into the glass.    

Whoever makes
the liquor spill loses.    

Hey, old man...    

You can't mean... Mr. Joestar!    

I'll bet my soul!    

 OSIRIS
D'ARBY ELDER    

I'll bet my soul!    

Good!    

What?    

This is insane! Don't!
You know he cheats!    

He can't cheat!    

I decided the rules!    

Jotaro, keep a close eye on him
so he doesn't try anything funny.    

OK! Fine, I accept.    

But first...    

Mind if I inspect
the glass and coins?    

Of course.    

You have the right to
make sure I'm playing fair.    

A question.
What guarantee do I have    

that you will return
Polnareff's soul if you lose?    

Gambler's honor.    

If I lose, I assure you I will pay.
But I will not lose.    

Fine. You first.
Go ahead and drop in a coin.    

Mr. Joestar!    

Leave this to me.    

The old "coin and glass" trick
is my specialty. 

Surface tension
is surprisingly strong. 

There's room for at least
eight or nine coins... 

I just have to stay calm and
make sure my fingers don't shake. 

May I drop in more than one coin?    

Sure, as long as
you drop them in all at once.    

Well, then...    

Five coins?    

Hey, that'll create a wave
on the surface!    

Quiet please!    

Hands off the table.    

It's your turn.    

You've got nerves of steel,
putting in five coins at once.    

I'll go with one.    

It's too close to call.    

Typical... 

He's squeezing a cotton ball
between his finger and the coin, 

and dripping liquid into the glass. 

He's adding more liquid
to the glass! 

And he told me to watch
for cheating? 

Clever bastard... 

Not bad. 

The glass has reached its limit! 

One more coin and
the booze will spill! I win! 

Just like he said, 

it's not cheating
if you don't get caught! 

That was a close one.
I thought it was going to spill...    

Your turn, Obi.    

It's D'Arby.
Don't make me say it again!    

My name is D'Arby!    

Not Obi, not Barbie!    

Sorry.    

He's screwing up his name
on purpose to piss him off. 

The old man... 

is a natural gambler. 

Let's keep playing.    

It's your turn
to drop in a coin, D'Arby.    

The shadow makes it difficult
to see from here.    

I'll drop in the coin from
the right side of the table.    

Drop it in from wherever you want.    

The glass is already at its limit,
thanks to my little trick. 

There's no way the liquid
can take another coin. 

It'll spill over with just
the slightest touch. 

You're thinking the glass
has reached its limit.    

That it's impossible, right?    

Well, you're wrong...    

Impossible! No!    

Why didn't it spill!    

What do you mean,
why didn't it spill?    

You saw for yourself,
I dropped one in.    

He made no suspicious moves.    

I was watching
with Star Platinum.    

He dropped the coin
in fair and square.    

There's no doubt about it.    

I was sure of it! 

I was certain
I added enough liquid 

to make it spill
with one more coin! 

I don't get it. There's no way
it couldn't have spilled! 

How could this be? 

Hurry up.    

Or are you trying to wait
until it evaporates?    

I can't believe it.    

Mr. Joestar!    

In his heart of hearts,
Joestar realized he had lost!    

That's why his soul emerged.    

I, D'Arby, have won this bet!    

Polnareff, forgive me.    

Holly, I've let you down.    

Mr. Joestar!    

Old man!    

Two down!    

Now, then.
Let's continue our game.    

Unless you've decided
to abandon these two    

and crawl off with
your tails between your legs.    

You bastard!    

You don't get it, do you?    

If you k*ll me,
your two friends die too.    

Damn it!    

Avdol, stop!    

Hey! If you're going to
cause trouble,    

I'll have to ask you to leave!    

Shut up and stay out of this!    

Yes, sir!    

You're too late, Jotaro.    

Is something wrong with
the glass?    

This is why the coin didn't make
the booze spill over.    

There's a tiny bit of chocolate
on the bottom of the glass.    

He must have stuck it on
when he inspected 

the glass and coins at
the beginning of the game. 

You know the rules.    

It's not cheating
if you're never caught.    

What do you mean?    

How could a piece of chocolate
allow him to drop in an extra coin?    

It's melted now,    

but it was a solid chunk at
the bottom of the glass.    

Just enough to
slightly tilt the glass,    

but not enough for us to notice.    

Once it melted,
the glass became level,    

making room for another coin.    

What?    

But...    

How could he have known
the chocolate    

would melt at that exact moment?    

He used the sun.    

It slipped my notice.    

When he moved to
the right side of the table, 

he allowed the sun to shine
directly onto the chocolate, 

thereby melting it. 

All right,    

D'Arby,    

get your cards.    

We're playing poker.    

Jotaro!    

Very interesting!    

Poker is my absolute favorite!    

 Poker? This is a man
who just outsmarted Mr. Joestar!    

 It's too dangerous!    

 I know, he's tough.    

 He may not use strength,    

but he's the most dangerous Stand
we've ever faced.    

Well...    

There's no turning back.    

NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW    

-Draw three.
-I'll draw two. 

He's not doing anything suspicious,
and yet... 

Cheating is all about finding
a mental blind spot. 

There's only one joker. 

Well, then, Jotaro... 

Very well. I'll wager my soul.
Before we get started,
there's something I want to check.  

Shuffle those cards.  

They're shuffled.  

What now?  

Draw a card from the deck.  

It doesn't matter where.  

Just make sure
no one else sees it.  

OK.  

I'll tell you which one it is:
the six of hearts.   

I'll name the cards
in order from the top.   

 Five of spades, queen of diamonds,
jack of spades, ace of hearts,   

 seven of diamonds, six of clubs,
king of clubs, two of diamonds.   

He's right!   

And D'Arby shuffled the deck...   

How did you...   

I can tell you the entire deck.   

Star Platinum saw
the order of the cards   

when they were shuffled.   

Very interesting.   

But all I have to do is shuffle the cards   

where you can't see them.   

Don't you get it?   

It's not going to be so easy
for you anymore   

to cheat with me as your opponent.   

Just something I thought
you should know.   

Good.   

 EPISODE   :
D'ARBY THE GAMBLER, PART     

The security seal. 

An unbroken seal means the deck
has not been tampered with. 

One joker.   

I don't see anything unusual.   

It's a normal deck.   

The page number is    ... 

   ... No, page    . 

Hasn't failed me yet. 

I can tell which page it is
simply by touch. 

Jotaro's Star Platinum may have
incredible visual prowess, 

but I can remember
everything by touch. 

I know the exact location
of every card, shuffled or not. 

OK! Open the game!   

Ten of hearts.   

Seven of clubs.   

I'll be dealing then.   

I need to shuffle the cards at
an angle Star Platinum won't see. 

Cut the deck.   

And now I'll deal.   

Jotaro... Me...   

What? What happened?   

Jotaro, his finger!   

Star Platinum just broke
D'Arby's finger!   

I told you.   

You won't be cheating anymore.   

He tried to cheat? When?
He was just dealing the cards...   

I didn't see him do
anything suspicious.   

No. Take a good look at the cards
in his left hand.   

The second card is sticking out...   

That's the card
he tried to deal me.   

He pretended to deal the top card,   

but was about to deal me
the second card from the top.   

Which means...   

The top card would have
gone to him.   

He would've had three tens
with that card.   

The so-called second deal. 

A sleight-of-hand technique 

in which the dealer deals
the second card in the deck, 

instead of the expected
top card deal. 

Performed by an expert,
the cheat is almost imperceptible. 

What's more, 

D'Arby knows the location of
every card in the deck by touch. 

You trash.
How dare you break my finger...   

I was being nice.   

You're lucky I didn't rip it off.   

Good grief. I guess I can't let you
cut the deck anymore.   

Someone else is going do it
from now on.   

That boy over there on the hill
looks like he could help.   

Good.   

Avdol, ask him to come here.   

Certainly.   

Impressive...   

To cheat successfully, one must
exploit the element of surprise.   

It takes more than sharp eyes
to prevent that.   

It appears I underestimated you,
given you caught my second deal.   

I'll accept my fractured finger
as punishment.   

And now, I'll devote my full
concentration to our game, Jotaro.   

I haven't done so since my colossal
gamble on May   th,     ...   

against a Japanese man
known as Shozo Mayama.   

I won his eight Tokyo properties,
and his soul!   

His wealth had not dulled
his gambler's instincts.   

I'm not here for Lord Dio.   

I'm here because
I was born to be a gambler!   

What do you think you're doing?   

Those are Mr. Joestar's
and Polnareff's souls!   

I've split their souls
into six chips each.   

In poker,
if you think you might lose,   

you can fold.   

You need to be able to drop out
and up the ante,   

so we can't play
with just two chips.   

Winning back six chips,   

is the equivalent
to winning one soul.    

Got it?    

Now, Jotaro. If we play, you'll get
your chance to win back the chips.    

But I still haven't
heard you say it.    

Fine. I'll bet my soul.    

Good!    

Jotaro...    

Those pure white chips
represent your soul.    

Once I win all six,    

your soul is mine.    

 OSIRIS
D'ARBY ELDER    

I'll bet one chip of Polnareff's soul.    

Let's begin!    

In this game of poker,
each player is dealt five cards. 

Players have one chance to improve
their hand by swapping out cards. 

But it's the betting that makes
poker a game of psychology. 

Now then, I suppose I'll raise.    

Keep in mind Jotaro, those six
white chips are your soul.    

Think before you make your move.    

Listen, it's okay
if you don't understand.    

You don't have to worry.    

Just cut and deal the cards
the way you know how.    

OK...    

Give me three cards.    

My, my, that's quite
the frightful glare.    

You must have a very good hand.    

I guess I'll play it safe
and bet one more Polnareff.    

Call.    

If you don't fold, you need
at least three chips per game. 

All right! Come on, Jotaro!    

Two pair, eights and nines.    

Oh, sorry.    

Two pair, jacks and queens.    

That was close.
I almost lost that one.    

So then...    

He has only three left.    

Jotaro...    

OK, next game. Deal the cards.    

Only the next game
may be your last.    

One card.    

What's wrong, Jotaro?    

Hurry up and look at your hand.    

Decide whether
you'll change or fold.    

Jotaro?    

No...    

these cards will do.    

What?    

Um, pardon me...    

What was that?    

I think I misheard you.    

I could have sworn I heard you say
"these cards will do."    

You heard right. These cards will do.    

I'll play with this hand.    

I know that!    

I'm asking if you intend to    

play those cards
without looking at them.    

These cards will do.    

Don't mess with me! Answer me!    

How can you play without
looking at the cards?    

Avdol, I have a favor to ask.    

A favor?    

Of course, but why won't you
look at your cards?    

Answer me, Jotaro!    

I'll raise you another two and...    

I'll throw in Avdol's soul.    

Wh...    

What?    

D'Arby, you are impressive.    

Sure, you're no match
for our Stands physically,    

but you're cunning and
calm under pressure.    

I'm no gambler.
You could read me like a book.    

I would certainly lose
against the likes of you.    

But I trust Jotaro.    

I don't know why
he won't look at his cards,    

but if he asks me for my soul,
I won't waver.    

My soul is in Jotaro's hands.    

I see...    

Seems you both have cracked
under the pressure.    

Boy!    

I said "one card"!
Hurry up and deal me!    

Yes, sir...    

Master D'Arby,
I dealt just as you asked. 

His hand is worthless.
I'm sure of it. 

My skills as a dealer never fail. 

You've won. I know it! 

Jotaro thinks the boy
has nothing to do with us. 

But everyone in this café 

and everyone within sight
of this place is my associate! 

Even the bartender and
those men over there! 

No matter who deals, I can't fail! 

My directive is infallible.
Jotaro's hand has to be a weak one. 

Though, admittedly, not looking
at the cards was a bold move. 

He caught me by surprise,
albeit briefly... 

It's a bluff!
How dare he bluff against me? 

Does he really think I'll fold?
What a fool... 

Very well.    

I'll match you with six Polnareffs.    

And...    

I raise you Joseph's soul!    

A total of fifteen chips!    

What?    

What? Hold on a minute!    

Jotaro doesn't have any more chips!    

He's out of chips, you say?
Of course he does.    

What do you mean?    

All my Stand needs
is a written contract.    

Then it will be able
to take a soul.    

Whose soul could you
be talking about?    

Did you forget about your friend
Kakyoin, in the hospital?    

-You can bet his soul!
-What?    

Panic, fool! 

Show me your doubt and fear! 

Let me see you lose
that cool composure! 

How dare he try to
bluff against me? 

I'll destroy him. 

I'll turn that poker face into
a miserable ball of anguish! 

Fine.    

I'll see you with Kakyoin's soul.    

Jotaro!    

You can't bet a man's soul
without his knowing!    

I guess it is kind of selfish.    

Hey, Jotaro! What did you just do?    

What did I do?
What are you talking about?    

You just lit a cig...    

What's wrong? Not feeling well?    

This little... 

Such confidence! Could he have... 

Could he have used Star Platinum
to swap the cards without my knowing? 

 I, JOTARO KUJO, AGREE TO SURRENDER
THE SOUL OF MY FRIEND NORIAKI KAKYOIN    

 IN THE EVENT THAT I LOSE.
JOTARO KUJO    

Stupid brat! 

Don't look at me
with that worried grimace! 

If Jotaro finds out
you work for me, I'll m*rder you! 

Damn fool! 

I have four kings. 

The only hands that could
b*at me are four aces, 

a straight flush,
or a joker-led five of a kind. 

To get any one of those hands, 

Jotaro would have
to switch all five cards. 

Sure, with Star Platinum's speed, 

there's a chance he could have
switched one of the cards. 

But five? Could he have switched
all the cards right under my nose? 

No! Completely impossible! 

There's no way I could have missed
him replacing all five cards. 

Not the great D'Arby! 

All right, Jotaro!
Your time's come! 

He lit a cigarette
to psych me out! He's bluffing! 

You got a drink? When did you...    

You bastard!
How dare you mock me?    

Come on, let's do this!    

My hand is--    

Hold it.    

I haven't raised the pot yet.    

What?    

Raise?    

You don't have anything to...    

I'll raise you my mother's soul.    

What?    

Your mother?
Jotaro, you're betting Holly's soul?    

I came to Egypt to save my mother.    

If I lose here, she'll die anyway.
She won't mind if I bet her soul!    

Now D'Arby,    

you better bet something
that matches my mother's soul.    

I want you...    

to tell me the secret of Dio's Stand!    

He knows... 

He knows Dio's secret. 

But Dio does not
take lightly to treason. 

If he tells us,
D'Arby's as good as dead. 

Jotaro... If you're that confident, 

you know your hand will win,
don't you? 

You wouldn't let us down,
would you? 

You've got the winning hand,
right? Jotaro? 

Well? Call or fold?    

Spit it out already, D'Arby!    

I'll say it! 

I'll say it, damn it!    

I'll say it! 

I'm the world's greatest gambler! 

I can do this! I'll call! 

Call... 

I'm going to call! 

Ca...    

C... Ca... C...    

I can't! I'm petrified!
I'm speechless! 

I'm too terrified...
The words won't come! 

C...    

I can't breathe... 

C... Ca...    

Ca...    

His eyes rolled back...    

He fainted on his feet!    

The pressure was just too much.    

Mr. Joestar and Polnareff's souls
are returning to their bodies!    

Thank God!    

Inside, he had already given up.    

Deep down, he knew he had lost.
That's why the souls were released.    

Four kings?    

He had four kings!    

Jotaro, what was your hand?    

I knew it...    

Your hand was sh*t!    

Even Star Platinum
wouldn't have been able to    

swap cards in front of
an expert gambler like D'Arby.    

Luckily my bluff and intimidation worked.    

But with such a worthless hand...    

Good grief. Had I known,
I would've freaked.    

Freaked?    

Jotaro, you bet our souls
on that worthless hand?    

His collection of souls appears
to have been released.    

Come on, everyone!
Let's play mahjong!    

Backgammon is a lot of fun, too.    

And, oh,
I love a good game of dice.    

Even if you have no chance!    

D'Arby, User of the Osiris Stand.
Status: Retired 

I doubt we'll be able to get
Dio's secret out of him now.    

He was a formidable opponent.    

He almost singlehandedly
took us all out.    

He was impressive.    

Yes, he was fierce.    

Ugh, what just happened?    

Guess we can't be the heroes
every episode.    

My daughter's condition
has worsened. 

I was talking about you. 

Not prepared? Don't lie to me! 

Women make you do that. 

You saved my life! 

Mondatta and Hol Horse
will be an invincible duo!
sh*t, it's so dark.
I can't see a thing.  

Where is that bastard?  

It's broad daylight, and I still have
to feel my way around this dump.  

It must've been that room.  

Dio must be in there...  

What the? These are Dio's leftovers?  

Damn broads just throw
themselves at him. 

Like they want him
to drink their blood. 

Nuts, if you ask me. 

Guess good's got nothin' on evil. 

Besides,
where'd he get all this gold stuff from? 

This guy can have and do anything. 

Did you   

want something?   

Master Dio!   

Damn it. 

Just looking at him
gives me the chills. 

Keep cool, Hol Horse. 

Don't let him get to you. 

He's nothing.
He's only slightly stronger than you... 

I repeat,
did you want something, Hol Horse?   

Ah, uh, well...
I came to inform you that,   

well, it seems two of
the Nine Great Gods,   

Mariah and Alessi,
have been defeated.   

And?   

And that's not all.   

Joestar and the others will
arrive in Cairo tomorrow.   

Only three of the Nine Gods remain.   

When I said, "And"   

I was asking about you, Hol Horse.   

When will you exterminate them,
Hol Horse?   

You swore your loyalty to me,   

but you've yet to
prove yourself in battle.   

Anyone can relay information.   

You failed me twice,
and now you've crawled back to me.   

My body once belonged to a man   

by the name of Jonathan Joestar.   

He was the grandfather
of Joseph Joestar.   

Look.   

Notice how the left takes longer to heal?   

The left side of this body is weak.   

It proves that it isn't
yet completely mine.   

That I am not yet immortal.   

I am ill-equipped
to engage in battle with them.   

Now you must destroy Joestar
and the others.   

On my behalf...   

If not, I shall k*ll you.   

You're messing with the wrong guy! 

You think you can
thr*aten me into doing you a favor? 

Humph... on his behalf... 

I'm no fool. 

I just side with whoever's strongest. 

That was just lip service.
I'd never really swear loyalty to you. 

I'm not gonna sell you my soul. 

Bastard! You're not so tough! 

You're wide open! 

Seems you're not
too coordinated yet... 

Come to think of it, 

I don't have to fight Joseph
and the other three... 

I've got Dio all to myself. 

It'd be a hell of a lot easier
to blow his head to smithereens 

right here, right now. 

Then the treasure's mine! 

This'll be a piece of cake! 

He has no idea
I'm aiming Emperor 

point-blank at his skull. 

I can finish him off right now. 

All it takes is a little pull
of the trigger... 

It'll be over in an instant. 

Emperor was made
for close-combat carnage! 

I can do this. I can do this! 

What are you doing?
You seem to be hesitating.   

Die! 

I'll splatter your brains
all over the floor, Mister Dio! 

Do you really want to sh**t me?   

He's gone.   

There is something about you.   

As you were about to pull the trigger,
you did not perspire.   

Your breathing was relaxed.   

You were completely calm.
Impressive, Hol Horse.   

How did he do that?   

But I didn't see him...   

There's no way
he could have stepped behind me   

without breaking
any of those spider webs.   

No matter how fast he is.   

How? How did he get behind me?   

I don't understand.   

Was that Dio's Stand, The World?   

Ill-equipped?
Ill-equipped my ass!   

I finally understand, Master Dio.   

I've got to pledge my allegiance.   

You've got me b*at...   

 EPISODE   :
HOL HORSE AND MONDATTA, PART     

Ladies and gentlemen, 

we hope you enjoyed our flight
from Aswan today. 

We will be arriving on schedule 

at Cairo International Airport shortly. 

Whoops! 'Scuse us.   

Guess it's our cab.    

Thanks.    

Got a problem there, buddy?    

My god...    

Take me to Mena House Hotel
in Giza, pronto.    

I'm going to open the suitcase.    

Shut your lids if you don't want
those peepers to hurt. Got it?    

Huh? Did you just say something, sir?    

I wasn't talking to you.    

Shut up and drive.    

Yes, sir.    

It's your own damn fault
I had to put you on the plane like this.    

Next time don't make such a fuss.    

Don't be such a baby, Mondatta.    

Your brother's got another month    

in the hospital thanks to that b*mb.    

You're my partner now.    

We're gonna use your book
of premonitions and my assassin g*n    

to stamp out Jotaro, Joseph,
and all of them. Got it, Mondatta?    

Listen. I know that you're shy.    

That you're afraid of just about anyone
besides your brother, Zenyatta.    

But don't you want to avenge your brother?    

Do you really wanna be a coward forever,
Mondatta?    

I'm out of options myself!    

We're gonna fight!    

We're gonna get our revenge, Mondatta!    

I'm going to untie you now,    

but you swear
you won't wail and scream?    

All right. Good boy.    

Don't get too nervous,
you'll get sick.    

I'm on your side. Don't worry.    

Relax.    

Sir? Wha--
Did you throw up?    

Shut up!    

Oh... Plane made you sick?    

Let's be pals, Mondatta.    

I'm Mondatta. This is Hol Horse. 

He's mean. I don't like him! 

While Mondatta was sleeping, 

Hol Horse tied him up and
stuffed him in a trunk. 

Mondatta was taken
from his brother, Zenyatta. 

He was so sad! 

But Mondatta wanted
to avenge his brother. 

Even though he was very scared, 

he worked up his courage
and teamed up with Hol Horse. 

You won't even get near me?    

Well, I guess you're trying.    

I heard your Stand predicts the future.
Is that really true?    

Hell, it better be.    

It's the whole reason
I brought you here.    

Then again,
if your predictions are so great,    

why'd your brother get blown sky high?    

Answer me!
Your Stand predicts the future, right?    

A new comic appeared
on the blank page...    

While Mondatta and Hol Horse were
walking around the outskirts of Cairo, 

they met a very pretty lady. 

Then Hol Horse suddenly jump
kicked the lady in the neck! 

The lady was so happy, 

she gave Hol Horse her jewels. 

Yay! We're rich! 

What in the...    

You've got to be kidding me!    

You call this a prediction, Mondatta?    

This is crazy!
There's no way this could happen!    

My... My Stand...
Thoth's prophecies are    

never wrong!    

They're    % right.    

One hundred percent?
Quit messing with me, kid!    

Some broad is gonna give me her jewels
after I jump-kick her in the neck?    

No one would ever do that!    

Listen, Mondatta.    

I'm a gentleman.    

I got girls all over the world.    

Sure, I might tell a white lie now
and then, but I'd never hit them!    

I respect all ladies.    

The beauties, the dogs, all of 'em!    

There's no way
your prediction's coming true.    

I swear, I won't hit a woman.    

Nope, never.
Even if she paid me!    

It's    % true, yes.    

See? The prediction was wrong!    

Who the hell are you?    

This is...
There was a scorpion in your shawl!    

-That thing's sting kills!
-What?    

You spotted the scorpion before
it could crawl into my clothes.    

If you hadn't k*lled it,
it would've stung her for sure...    

You saved my life. I must repay you.    

How about my necklace?    

Please take it.    

We're invincible!    

Mondatta and I are the unstoppable duo!    

THOTH
MONDATTA    

So the building in the picture, huh?    

I've been repairing roofs in Cairo
for over    years,    

and I've never seen a place like this.    

From the looks of it,    

thing was built about
a     years ago.    

I'd guess it's somewhere    

south of here.    

The buildings in Cairo get older
the farther south you go.    

Huh...    

Sorry I couldn't be much help.    

No, thanks, sir. Sorry to bother you.    

I see. OK, thank you.    

I called Japan...    

My daughter's much worse.    

She's lost all her strength.    

She has three, maybe four days.    

I can feel it.    

Dio is near.    

He's hiding somewhere close by.    

He has to be around here somewhere.    

Let's go.    

We'll find him.    

We'll talk to everyone we can.    

Yes. All we can do is keep on.    

We meet again...    

Man, I'm getting sick of those faces.    

I never thought they'd make it
so close to Master Dio's mansion...    

They're almost there.    

By the way...    

Mondatta!    

About your new prediction...
Are you really sure it's right?    

This is just too...
There's no way this could happen!    

My, my...    

"My premonitions are    % accurate."
That's what you're trying to say?    

They are, yes.    

Damn it! I'm supposed to believe this?    

You've lost it, boy.    

"There, we found them!"
shouted Hol Horse. 

"Joseph, Jotaro, Polnareff, and Avdol!" 

"Darn it!," Hol Horse fumed.
"They're almost to Master Dio's manor!" 

"Gosh-darn bafoons.
They each get a b*llet between the eyes!" 

Hol Horse was full of bad thoughts. 

"You're gonna pay for what
you did to my brother!" 

Mondatta was very furious. 

But, Hol Horse, couldn't use his g*n, 

the Emperor, in the market. 

"Now, Hol Horse," Mondatta instructed,
"stick your fingers up Polnareff's nose." 

And then... 

"We did it! They're out cold from
losing all that blood!" 

Lucky you, Hol Horse! 

This is your chance to finish them off! 

Like hell I'm gonna believe that!    

This is the premonition?    

Stick my fingers up Polnareff's nose?    

What the hell is this crap, Mondatta?    

I get the part about k*lling them
and all, but...    

I mean it, boy, don't mess with me!    

Listen. Even if I am supposed to
stick my fingers up Polnareff's nose,    

I'd have to somehow get
close enough to him to do it!    

It's much faster if I put a b*llet in him
with my Emperor. Am I wrong?    

You won't be able
to fire a b*llet... yes.    

Even if you try,    

fate won't let you... yes.    

Trust me... yes.    

If you try to go against
what's in the comic,    

you'll suffer.    

It's fate... yes.
It's    %... yes.    

But your brother followed the comic
and nearly d*ed.    

My brother was trying
to save himself    

and disguised himself    

as Jotaro without thinking... yes. 

If he had trusted what he read
and not disguised himself, 

then the real Jotaro would
have been blown up... yes. 

The premonition was correct... yes.    

What to do...    

Polnareff's gone.    

Hey, where's Polnareff?    

Where'd he go?    

sh*t! It can't be... 

Don't move!    

Or I'll lance you head to toe.    

Polnareff...    

Fool!
And what do you think you're doing?    

Keep your hands where I can see them.    

I thought I saw someone
stalking us like a hyena.    

And sure enough,
it's our old friend, Hol Horse.    

Still haven't learned your lesson?
Still trying to k*ll us, huh?    

Thanks for the good times back in India.    

You're lucky Avdol survived.    

Or else you'd be dead already.    

Are you by yourself, Hol Horse?    

Nah, you wouldn't be here alone.    

You probably have someone nearby,    

don't you?    

sh*t! 

At least he hasn't noticed Mondatta yet. 

I still have a chance... 

He can see you!
The book! Your fingers! 

You're not much of
a thr*at on your own,    

but you've got a knack
for picking allies.    

If you've found another helper
like before,    

you could be seriously dangerous.    

So where is he?
Where's your Stand-wielding partner?    

Your fingers... 

Hide your fingers, Mondatta. 

If he finds you, it's all over! 

Believe! 

You got hit because
you tried using your g*n. 

Believe in fate. 

If you believe, we will win... yes. 

Hey, what's under that box?
Someone's in there!    

Hey, Polnareff, did you find
the guy following us?    

Gah! It's Avdol!
He's headed this way! 

Believe, yes! 

Trust the book and
stick your fingers 

up Polnareff's nose... yes! 

Are you serious? Damn it... 

I've got no choice!
Fine, I'll do it! 

You under the crate.
Show yourself!    

Now's my chance!
He's looking the other way! 

I know you're hiding under there!    

What the...    

Yes! 

Yay! Everyone bled a lot
and passed out! 

Lucky you, Hol Horse! 

Now's your chance to finish them off! 

So, when the hell
is this chance coming? 

What am I supposed to do now? 

 What the hell are you doing,
Hol Horse?    

That's what I'd like to know! 

What the hell am I
supposed to do now? 

Now what? 

What's wrong, Polnareff?    

He won't answer.    

That's odd.    

sh*t!
They're headed this way! 

Damn it! 

How do I make the rest
of the prediction come true now? 

What the hell
am I supposed to do? 

Damn it! I've been cornered! 

It's a sign for you to look behind me! 

Looks like there was
a car accident over there. 

I made tea, so have some lunch. 

Once I stuck my fingers up his nose, 

the prediction came true. 

My premonitions are absolute.
It is fate, yes.
Previously on
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure...  

What the?  

Yes! 

Now, Hol Horse,
Mondatta instructed, 

stick your fingers up
Polnareff's nose, and then 

We did it! They're out cold
from losing all that blood! 

Lucky you, Hol Horse! 

This is your chance
to finish them off! 

So, when the hell
is this chance coming? 

What am I supposed to do now? 

 What the hell are you doing, Hol Horse?   

That's what I'd like to know! 

What's wrong, Polnareff?   

sh*t! They're headed this way! 

Damn it! 

How do I make the rest of
the prediction come true now? 

Polnareff, did you find out
who was tailing us?   

Answer me.   

Avdol and the others are coming.   

This is bad, really bad! 

Chariot!   

Whoa, hold it right there!   

This is bad!   

I'm the fastest sh**t
you'll ever meet.   

Don't move or you're a dead man!   

Hey, Polnareff, was that you?   

Polnareff!   

Oh, there you are.   

What's the matter?   

Was someone following us?   

Er...   

Damn it! I'm cornered. 

I thought I was supposed
to get my big chance 

after I stuck my fingers up
Polnareff's nose! 

I'm in a whole lotta trouble! 

 Something wrong, Polnareff?   

 No.   

If Avdol finds out I'm here,
I'm a goner! 

I think I'm gonna cry. 

If I knew this was going to happen, 

I would've just blown him away
from a distance! 

Dammit, Mondatta! 

I was faster than Polnareff, but... 

Crap! 

Polnareff?   

Tell them to scram! 

If they catch me,
you're going down with me, Polnareff. 

No one was following us.   

Guess it was just my imagination.   

I see.   

And what are you doing
standing there like that?   

Tell them you were taking a leak.
You were pissing!   

Oh, you know just taking a wizz.   

What?   

You were peeing
in the middle of the street?   

You amaze me sometimes.   

Stop jabbing that g*n into my head! 

That's it!
I'll make a little gesture. 

God I hope they figure it out. 

Look where my tongue is pointing! 

I'm trying to give you a sign!
Behind me! 

Behind me, damn it! Behind me! 

Why are they being so quiet? 

Ah, well. You guys go on ahead.   

All right.   

I was lying! 

It was a lie! Don't leave me! 

Look at my tongue. Behind me! 

Behind me, damn it!
Come on, just look! 

What's wrong?   

Why are you making that face?   

Does your tongue hurt?   

No, he's signaling
something's behind.   

You idiot! Shut up! 

You don't mean...   

Polnareff! 

You son of a... 

You were signaling
something to them! 

That's it! You've pissed me off
for the last time! 

Die! 

What? 

-Huh?
-It's him!   

What the hell? He sneezed?   

It's Hol Horse! Watch out!   

He's got a friend hiding
under the crate!   

Blast it! This can't be happening. 

He sneezed because I jammed
my fingers up his nose! 

Damn! If he hadn't sneezed, 

I could've at least
gotten Polnareff. 

I should've never
teamed up with you, Mondatta! 

They're gonna k*ll me! 

It's all because of
that blasted premonition! 

I'm doomed! 

Brother, look! Look who's there!   

That's him, all right.   

It's the bastard
who blew off my ear at the airport. 

I'll run him over!   

What?   

This is...    

It all happened so fast.    

They had no time to stop
the truck with their Stands    

I stuck my fingers up his nose,
and the prediction came true.    

I can't believe it.
All four of them at once!    

It's fate, yes.    

My premonitions are always right.    

But it's too soon to finish them.    

We must wait for
the next prediction, yes.    

Okay!    

EMPEROR
HOL HORSE    

“We did it!”, they proclaimed. 

The chance to finish off
their enemies had arrived! 

But be careful, you two. 

Don't rush in. Hide and wait. 

It's still too soon to move in. 

Three of them are knocked out,
but Jotaro's still conscious. 

He's about to get up! 

Jotaro wasn't hit directly.    

That was a close one.    

If we had crept up to him,
he could've att*cked us.    

He's looking for me.    

He's wondering why I split    

instead of blowing
his head straight off.    

We're gonna b*at 'em right,
Mondatta?    

We've made it this far.
I have to win whatever it takes.    

You're with me right, Mondatta?    

Yeah.    

We're almost there.    

So Mondatta, what do we gotta do next
to k*ll these guys?    

Your comic's predictions
are    % accurate.    

I believe you!    

I'll do whatever I have to.    

If it tells me to stick my fingers
up something, I'll do it.    

If it tells me to eat crap,
I'll eat it.    

I have to win!    

There... it is!    

It finally appeared, yes.    

-The final prediction!
-What?    

Here we go! Hol Horse's
next att*ck will be his last! 

Hol Horse came across
two plumbers repairing drainpipes. 

Then he paid them
to open one of the pipes. 

If Hol Horse fires
all of his b*ll*ts into that pipe 

at exactly twelve noon... 

Hey, looks like there was
a car accident around the corner.    

Who cares? Let's finish this thing.    

Here, hold this pipe.    

Okay.    

What happens
if I fire into the pipe?    

Come on! Turn the page!    

I fire my g*n into the pipe
and then what?    

And the b*ll*ts flew out
the other end! 

Ka-boom! Hol Horse's b*ll*ts
went right through Jotaro's skull! 

Right smack in the middle
of his forehead! 

Yes!    

This is it, yes!    

I've been waiting for this, yes.    

This is what
I've been waiting for, yes.    

That's great!    

I mean, it looks great,
but hold on a sec!    

What if we read it wrong?
Then we're toast!    

Look at this page.    

This is the prediction
from when your brother 

tried to wipe out Jotaro. 

But your brother was the one
who got blown up!    

That's because my brother
transformed himself into Jotaro    

without thinking, yes.    

But you and I cannot
transform ourselves, yes.    

That's right!
I don't have any disguise powers!    

I couldn't even pretend
to be Jotaro.    

Does that mean...    

It does! Yes.    

I can avenge my brother! Yes!    

There's no way to misinterpret
this prophecy, yes.    

If you sh**t your b*ll*ts
into this pipe,    

Jotaro will die!    

Yes!    

But wait.    

It said a time.    

At the stroke of noon, wasn't it?    

Wait, twelve o'clock sharp?    

We have two minutes!    

Don't panic.    

All you have to do is aim your g*n
into the pipe and fire, yes.    

You have plenty of time, yes.    

It's fate.
It will happen.    

I know. It's    %!    

I believe you. I believe you, but... 

I'm under the g*n. 

I gotta hustle! 

Hey, you guys! Listen up.    

Open that pipe!    

Just do it!    

Hey, who do you think
you're talking to?    

Who the hell do you think you are?    

You wanna die!
Hurry the hell up and open it!    

Hol Horse, ordinary people
cannot see your Stand, yes.    

The comic says
you pay them, yes.    

Huh? Pay them?    

Now only one minute
ten seconds left!    

Okay, I'll pay you!    

All right! I'm sorry!
I'll pay you to open it!    

Please! Just open it!    

Pay us? What a weirdo.    

You'll pay us
just to open the pipe?    

Then sure. Hand it over!    

Right.    

Hey, what's the problem?    

I don't have any money!    

That's right!
I left my wallet at the hotel.    

Who is this guy?    

Mondatta!    

Remember, if you got lost?
I gave you some change just in case.    

Give it to me. Hurry!    

Yes.    

We've got    seconds. Faster!    

Here's your change purse.
There's a lot of money.    

Hey, one rolled behind the bricks.    

It's just coins,
but there's a lot of them.    

How much you think there is?    

Looks like maybe    pounds!
Hey, you're stepping on one.    

-Oh, you're right.
-Pick the damn coins up later!    

You can have it all!    

Here you go, boys.
It's almost noon.    

I made you some tea.    

Take a load off
and have some lunch.    

Oh, sounds good to me.    

Listen, granny! I was here first!
Now scram!    

Thanks, ma'am.    

You sons of!
I said hurry up and open it!    

Or I'll cr*ck your heads open
with this rock!    

Okay, it's open.    

Out of the way!    

Die, Jotaro!    

I did it!
Just like the prediction said!    

I sh*t 'em at the stroke of noon!    

Go get him!    

Wake up, old man.    

I think I'll be okay.    

Me too.
Just minor cuts and bruises.    

But Polnareff is...    

Someone get this damn block
off of me.    

I won!    

He's right in front of the pipe!    

What?    

Hey, hey.    

Sorry, Jotaro.    

I don't know
what Hol Horse was thinking,    

but he stuck his fingers
right up my nose.    

The guy's disgusting.    

It still itches. Sorry.    

My b*ll*ts!    

They missed!    

Mondatta!
What are you trying to pull?    

What the hell is going on?    

I don't know, yes.    

My predictions are always true!
It's fate!    

I can't believe it!    

My predictions have never
ever been wrong, yes!    

Look! Jotaro and the others
are still alive.    

Not one b*llet hit any of them!    

The prediction was totally wrong!    

You little...    

Tune in next time. 

Now for the twelve o'clock news... 

Huh?    

What? It's noon now?    

My watch!    

It's fast!    

That means I fired
the b*ll*ts too soon.    

It's exactly noon!    

What's gonna happen?    

What's gonna happen now?    

It can't be...    

The prediction said the b*ll*ts would go
right through Jotaro's forehead    

at the stroke of noon.    

Hol Horse, the b*ll*ts are...    

What's gonna happen next?    

Hey, did you hear that?
I thought I heard someone scream.    

I don't know what's going on,
but something's fishy.    

This truck.    

Let's get out of here
before the cops show up.    

What the hell happened
to Hol Horse, anyway?    

I don't know.    

He disappeared for some reason.    

Careful, Jotaro. Get away
from that pipe before you get soaked.    

Is he dead?    

No, but he's critical.    

I have no idea what happened,    

but looks like a b*llet
went through his forehead    

and out the top of his head.    

One centimeter lower,
and he would have been a goner.    

He's a very lucky man.    

My prediction was correct.    

And this was Hol Horse's fate.    

But that Jotaro,    

how lucky can he be?    

Both my brother and Hol Horse
lost to fate.    

Master Dio is the only one
who can defeat him.    

Zenyatta,    

Hol Horse taught me
that revenge is just a big joke.    

I'm going to forget about Jotaro.    

From now on, I'm going to use
my prophetic powers    

for our happiness
and for the happiness of others.    

Maybe people will start to like us.    

Maybe our future
will be a little brighter.    

I'm sick of spending my life
cowering under a box,    

afraid of everyone.    

I learned a lot from this battle.    

I'm coming home, Brother.    

I'm coming home to Aswan,
to join you.    

Sorry.
I kicked it without thinking.    

I didn't mean to hit you.    

Forgive me.    

Wait, this dog...    

I think I've seen him before,
but where?    

This dog!
It couldn't be!    

No!    

Hey, by the way,
where'd that dumbass dog go?    

Iggy?    

I'm sure he's scrounging
for food somewhere.    

I told you
that he wouldn't help us.    

If people could change that easily,
life wouldn't be so hard. 

Sure enough, Mondatta joined
Hol Horse in the hospital, 

meeker than ever. 

Ba-dum-tss! 

Iggy hates being with others. 

I was looking for you
because I have a request. 

No doubt about it.
It's this mansion. 

By the way, where'd Iggy go? 

Good grief. I can't let a kid
who likes dogs die.
Previously on
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure...  

So the building
in the picture, huh? 

I've been repairing roofs in Cairo
for over    years, 

and I've never seen
a place like this.  

My daughter's much worse. 

She has three, maybe four days.  

I can feel it.  

Dio is near.  

Let's go.   

We'll find him.
We'll talk to everyone we can.   

Man, it's scorching out here today.   

I haven't had a shower
in nearly two days.   

It's ruining
my gorgeous good looks.   

What's the matter, jerk? You have
some kind of problem with me?   

Not too bright there, eh?   

I'm telling you to move!   

What's a foreigner like you doing
sitting here like some beggar?   

Who told you to sit here?   

Ah, you're a beggar
from a foreign land.   

It isn't much, but...   

Hey, this is...   

You bastard! How dare you?   

This is supposed to be
my turf, damn it!   

Your turf?   

Polnareff!   

Don't sit there.   

Give that money to him.   

So he's a beggar?   

Excuse my friend.   

He's not accustomed
to the rules of this town.   

Well, why didn't you just tell me
you're a beggar?   

Cause that's my shtick!
I'm a mute beggar!   

There's a beggars'
association here.   

Beggars have their own areas
where they are paid to sit and beg.   

It may seem strange,   

but their own rules help
keep everything in order.   

Huh!   

Tsk! You bruised my ego!   

I wonder if I'll make more money   

if I just disguise myself
as a foreign beggar.   

Well, there's always tomorrow.   

By the way,
I thought you looked familiar.   

You're Avdol, the fortune teller.   

I heard you fled to Japan
'cause someone was trying to k*ll you.   

Actually,
I've been looking for you.   

You know everything there is
to know about this area,   

so I wanted to ask you a favor.   

You'll be well rewarded.   

We need to find this building.   

And we're short on time.   

Well, that's enough work
for one day.   

I'll find that mansion in three hours.
Wait right there.   

By the way, did anyone see Iggy?   

 EPISODE   : THE GUARDIAN OF HELL,
PET SHOP, PART     

It's a definite match.   

That's the place.   

And just in two hours.   

There's nothing
I can't find in this city.   

Huh?   

Meanwhile,
Iggy thought to himself... 

That bird is a Stand user
just like me. 

It made that giant piece of ice
and k*lled 'em. 

He's protecting that place. 

It kills anyone
who gets close to the mansion. 

And that bird's... 

gonna come after me next! 

From very early in their history, 

the ancient Egyptians recognized
the prowess of the noble falcon 

soaring high above the Nile valley. 

They trained the bird
as their hunting partner, 

and considered it
a representation of Horus, 

guardian deity of the royal family. 

Capable of spotting prey
several kilometers away, 

the falcon's eye is symbolized
by the Eye of Horus, 

an emblem of protection
and royal power. 

This is Pet Shop, 

wielder of the Stand Horus,
god of the sky. 

Iggy wondered. 

Looks like I just stumbled on
Dio's mansion, 

that place Jotaro was looking for. 

And it used its Stand to make 

that giant hunk of ice. 

It's a guard dog,
I mean a guard bird. 

You've got to be kidding me! 

I couldn't care less
about this Dio guy. 

I was dragged here, 

forced to be some ally
to the Joestars! 

Like hell I'm gonna
fight this thing! 

All I want is a little r-and-r,
a girl of my own, 

and some place to settle down.
I don't wanna hurt anybody! 

'Sides, if I fight this freakn bird,
what's in it for me? 

I'm not putting my life
on the line here! 

Time to play
the old "dumb dog" routine. 

He'll never guess I have
anything to do with those guys! 

Those eyes... 

You can never tell
what a bird's thinking. 

I bet my Stand could b*at him. 

Then again, there's a real good reason
I'm making a fool of myself. 

I've got nothing to do with Jotaro
and those other guys! 

Go back to your mansion,
you damn bird! 

That bird.    

What's with that bird?
It's not moving!    

It's too late!    

I'm gonna run it over!    

What was that bird?    

It flew under this car?
It's so low!    

It didn't even try
to get out of the way.    

It dove right under.    

Crazy bastard! 

Looks like he's lost
interest in me, for now. 

Seems he att*cks
only when someone tries to get inside. 

Even so,
if Jotaro finds this place, 

he'll have a hell of a time. 

Well, that's their problem. 

Tiny! Buch!    

Where are you guys?    

Hey, have you seen my two dogs?    

They're Tiny and Buch.    

Shut up! Don't ask me! I'm a dog. 

I can't talk.
What are you stupid? 

That collar!    

That's Tiny's collar!    

Why's his collar under the gate?    

And there's blood on it!    

Tiny and Buch? 

Is he talking about those big dogs? 

Tiny! Buch!    

Hey, he better not... 

He better not be thinking
about getting under that gate? 

It'll m*rder him! 

Tiny! Buch! Are you there?    

This isn't my problem. 

I don't really care
if some human kid dies. 

Survival of the fittest,
as they say. 

The stupid die. 

And so do people
who don't think before they act. 

I don't want any trouble. 

So long, kid! 

Tiny! Buch! Where are you?    

Come back!    

It's eating my precious dogs! No!    

Good grief. 

I do sorta have a soft spot    

for kid dog lovers!    

 HORUS
PET SHOP    

Tiny! Buch!    

Damn it! Guess...    

I'll have to take care of this.    

The moment had finally come. 

Pet Shop was on
to Iggy's Stand abilities. 

Bring it on, bird!
I'll slaughter you!    

A falcon can dive at speeds
of over     kilometers per hour, 

making it the fastest animal
on the planet. 

It rips out its prey's vital organs
with razor-sharp talons, 

and can precisely
target its victims, 

even at its trademark speed. 

What the?
Did he just smirk at me? 

I thought I just saw the corners
of his beak creep up. 

Birds can smile? 

What the? 

Something's majorly wrong. 

The air, it's suddenly frigid. 

Ice is coming out of the ground!    

Crap!    

I was too busy looking up.
My feet are stuck!    

My Stand's feet are stuck too!    

Crap!    

Icicles?    

Come on, Avdol.    

Do you really think that guy
can find Dio's mansion?    

If not, no one can.    

No one knows Cairo's complex maze
of streets better than he does.    

Be patient. Have faith.    

You say that,    

but we looked for three days,
with no luck.    

I don't see how finding it in
three hours is remotely possible.    

You're becoming tedious, Polnareff.    

Could you try to gain
some composure?    

Look we're all on edge.    

All we can do now
is talk to the locals.    

Jeez. To top it all off,
Iggy's nowhere to be seen.    

Where the hell did
that stupid mutt run off to?    

Iggy's a loner by nature.    

I'm sure he's close by.
He'll show up eventually.    

Aren't dogs supposed to light up
and wag their tails with glee    

when they see humans?    

And here we are stuck
with the little cynic.    

I managed to get away.    

That thing's ice took the skin
right off my paws. 

Damn it! 

I knew I should've let
that human kid fix his own problems. 

That bird's Stand is no joke. 

That was no ordinary ice. 

He's not showing all his cards. 

I better get the hell out of here. 

Talk about holding a grudge! 

Iggy disappeared. 

Where did he go? 

Damn it!    

That bastard doesn't hold back.    

He's only a bird.    

This place reeks,
but it'll have to do for now.    

I have to keep quiet and hide out
down here until he gives up.    

What's up with this bird?    

Hey.    

Don't underestimate me.    

What, you think you just k*lled    

is actually my shapeshifting Stand,
the Fool!    

Gotcha! Bird brain!    

Looks like you're losing
a lot of blood there.    

You might wanna keep still.    

I don't give a rat's ass
about you or your master Dio.    

Let's just call this a draw.    

You got a few good hits on me
with those ice m*ssile,    

so we're even, okay?    

What the hell?    

Does he think he's Bruce Lee
or something?    

Hey! I said I'll stay away
from your boss's mansion!    

Let's stop this already. Okay?    

So that's what
your Stand looks like?    

You stopped the bleeding
by freezing it?    

Crap!    

He blocked the exit with ice
when I wasn't looking!    

The ice is coming this way!    

sh*t!    

It's starting to cover the tunnel!    

I've got to get out of here!    

It blocked this exit, too!    

He's locked onto me! 

He's insane! 

He's not relentless! 

He's a hunting machine! 

And if he catches me,
he won't just k*ll me. 

He'll eat me alive! 

What? My foot!    

I can't get my foot out!    

-Man, this is really not my day!
-That stupid dog. 

That birdbrain is really
pissing me off. 

It wouldn't be strange
if there was a Stand user 

in charge of guarding the mansion. 

I'm gonna have to do this! 

If I don't
he's going to k*ll me!
Previously on
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure...  

Crap!  

He blocked the exit with ice
when I wasn't looking!  

The ice is coming this way!  

sh*t!  

It's starting to cover the tunnel!  

I've got to get out of here!  

What? My foot!  

I can't get my foot out!   

 EPISODE   : THE GUARDIAN OF HELL,
PET SHOP, PART     

 Hey, the sun's about to set.   

Three hours, my ass.   

Guess that cocky beggar   

never did find Dio's mansion
like he said he would.   

Eh, Avdol?   

I just had a disturbing thought:   

I'm beginning to hope
he hasn't found the mansion.   

It's very possible
he hasn't returned   

because he did find it.   

Hey!   

I have a sinking feeling
that a Stand user is guarding Dio's lair.   

We may have put that beggar's life
in grave danger.   

Ah, come on!   

My leg...   

The ice caught my paw
like a bear trap. 

I would've been dead meat
if I hadn't gnawed it off. 

I'll hide here for a while.   

I have to hide
and get him off my tail!   

The Speedwagon Foundation
can make me an artificial leg.   

Now I'm pissed!
Damn bird!   

You're not getting away with this!   

I'm gonna make you pay!
Just you wait!   

That sound!   

Something just dove into the water!   

No, it can't be!   

Birds are capable
of plunging into water. 

Like any human or canine,
a bird has lungs to breathe. 

But the average bird also has
some five to six air sacs 

in its chest and stomach. 

The air sacs allow a bird 

to fly and remain conscious
where a human could not 

at altitudes
of six to seven thousand meters. 

Even when strangled, 

a bird can survive
for several minutes 

thanks to its internal air reserves. 

Which means a bird can stay
underwater much longer than a dog! 

Something's diving this way!   

That's impossible!   

I can't believe it.   

It's heading right for me!   

Is it? It can't be!   

It's that bird!   

How can a bird survive underwater!   

That bastard, where'd he go?   

He's closing in!
He's going to att*ck again!   

More icicles. One, two, three.   

Three are coming this way!   

Right back at ya!   

I did it. How do you like that?   

The wall isn't leaking anymore.   

The icicle's base
is freezing the wall!   

What now?   

I know what he's up to.   

He's freezing the water   

all around me!   

And he severed my air pipes!   

He's not trying to suffocate me.   

He's trying to bury me alive!   

It's no use.
It's gonna collapse!   

It's too powerful!
I can't hold him off!   

I'm surrounded by ice
and freezing water!   

Damn it!   

So much for a decent hiding place!   

I'm just going to have
to dig my way out.   

Man, today is really not my day!   

I lose my leg,   

and some psychotic demon bird wants
me flattened and flash frozen!   

I can't hold him off anymore.
I'm going to be crushed.   

I need to dig myself out, pronto!   

Huh?   

What's that? Some kind of cave?   

It's the bird!   

He's gonna sh**t an ice m*ssile!   

Crap! My Stand is behind me!   

There's no way I can defend myself.   

Nowhere to escape!   

That's it!
There's no other way.   

It's do or die!   

I'll let the dome break   

on purpose!   

The air pressure will catapult me!   

I did it. I finished him off.   

Damn bird got what he deserved.   

But I'm done for.   

I've lost a ton of blood.   

I don't have the strength
to swim to shore.   

I'm gonna drown.   

I was supposed to live
a trouble-free life. 

Damn it, 

I goofed up. 

I can't believe it!    

I was passing by and saw you
struggling in the river.    

That bird got you, didn't it?
Just like he got my dogs.    

You'll be okay.    

The bird is gone.    

You can't die! Hang in there!    

I'll patch you right up.    

"That bird": Pet Shop. 

Stand: Horus.
Status: Deceased. 

 HORUS
PET SHOP    

Damn that Iggy!
Where the hell did he go?    

He's gotta stop doing this!    

I'm worried.
He's been gone a while.    

That stupid mutt!    

What's the matter, Jotaro?    

So someone is following us.    

No I thought I heard a voice.
Like someone calling us.    

A voice?    

Iggy?    

Iggy!    

What happened to you?    

He's got injuries all over!    

Hey! He's missing his front leg!    

Did he get run over by a car?    

He's not the kind of dog
that gets into car accidents.    

You were att*cked,
weren't you, Iggy?    

Looks like someone
treated his wounds.    

They did an incredible job.    

It wasn't Iggy that I heard.    

It was definitely a human.    

It appears Iggy had a run-in
with the enemy.    

We saw a boy holding him.
He was half-dead.    

The doctors from the Speedwagon
Foundation tended to his wounds.    

Just like...    

my eyes.    

You're...    

Kakyoin!    

It's Kakyoin! Hey!    

Kakyoin, how are your eyes?    

I'm glad you're all safe.    

We missed you!    

Were they able to treat you?    

Yes. I'm fine now.    

I've got a few scars,
but my eyesight is back to normal.    

Thank goodness.    

Jotaro.    

Hey, Iggy.
Where are you going now?    

He may've been indifferent
toward humans and Stands before,    

but it looks like he's trying
to lead us somewhere.    

I don't know what happened
between him and the enemy Stand,    

but now,
I'd say it's a matter of revenge.    

Just where is he taking us?    

Hey, Iggy, hold on.    

That car!    

It's the same fancy car
that beggar was driving.    

This wreckage is...    

What did this?    

There's a huge hole,    

like some gigantic pillar
tore through the windshield.    

It's just as I feared.    

I knew
we shouldn't have asked him.    

Could this be the work
of the Stand user    

that Iggy possibly encountered?    

There seems to be little doubt.    

Iggy!    

Hey, what is this?    

I'm in a cold sweat
all of a sudden.    

I feel this oppressive doom.    

Where's Iggy trying to take us?    

I know this feeling.    

This aura of evil.    

This mansion.    

The one from the picture.    

Iggy! You were able to find it!    

What lay before them was something
more evil and more sinister 

than anything Jotaro and the others
had encountered before. 

Finally,
the source of their predicament, 

the very embodiment of evil,
their destiny, was within grasp. 

The path that had led them
here was long. 

Mysterious foreign lands 

and treacherous Stand-using
assassins met them at every step. 

Every battle was
a struggle for survival. 

And the journey touched everyone. 

There were tears, and there was
laughter, sadness, and rage. 

There was joy. 

Nearly    days has passed
since the team left Japan 

on their quest to save
Jotaro's mother, Holly. 

All to defeat Dio.
All to end the hundred-year curse. 

Joseph was determined. 

He was going to save
his daughter, Holly. 

And nothing was going
to get in his way. 

Kakyoin remained resolute. 

He would defeat Dio, 

not only to save Holly,
but to overcome his own weaknesses. 

Avdol was steadfast. 

He considered it his duty
to locate and root out evil 

wherever it lurked,
wherever it thrived. 

Polnareff was unwavering. 

He would make Dio pay. 

Pay for turning him into
one of Dio's puppets. 

And pay for making him
go against his own principles. 

Iggy was furious. 

He knew Dio, the bastard, 

was why he was caught up
in all this absurdity. 

And he was going
to make him pay. 

And... 

So, in other words, if we b*at
the sh*t out of Dio in there,    

it will all be over.    

He's here. This scent of evil,
there's no doubt    

he's inside the mansion!    

Which means that we...    

...have finally reached
the end of our journey.    

Are you ready?    

The gate's open. 

We can just walk in? 

It was closed yesterday. 

Just as I can sense him,
he can sense us.    

Entering this mansion
would be like walking into a trap.    

Now...    

What do we do now?    

The door is opening! Stay on guard!    

Hey, look at this corridor.
It looks like it goes on forever.    

It can't be real.    

It must be some kind of
trick or illusion    

Polnareff,
don't go through that door.    

Dio's probably got one or two
Stand users left to fight us.    

What the?
Something's coming this way!    

What is he? Is he a Stand user?    

Welcome.    

Master Joestar,
we've been expecting you.    

I am the butler of this house.    

Allow me to wager 

that Star Platinum's first att*ck
against me will... 

Jotaro, blast him! 

Take that corner at full throttle! 

If we don't defeat you,
we won't be able to proceed. 

Exactly! That is indeed correct.
What the?
Something's coming this way!  

I don't know who you are,
but you're no ordinary human!  

Polnareff!  

And I'm gonna end you!  

A playing card?  

Welcome. Master Joestar,
we've been expecting you.  

I am the butler of this house.  

My name is D'Arby.  

D'Arby?   

Yes. My name is D'Arby Younger.   

The D'Arby whom you defeated,   

is my older brother.   

You're D'Arby the gambler's
younger brother?   

So you're here
to avenge your brother?   

No, certainly not.
I would do nothing of the sort.   

Did my brother not share
with you his motto?   

"The deceived, not the deceiver,
holds the blame."   

It is an adage
I hold dear, as well.   

My brother lost.
He is the wrongdoer.   

I hold no grudge against you.   

My brother is my brother.
And I am me.   

We are two different people.   

My brother and I
are ten years apart.   

I did look up to him
to a certain extent,   

but we are of different generations.   

My brother tried to win
by deception.   

He is old-fashioned.   

He could win against only
the outmoded and the inexperienced.   

Master Dio realized that as well,   

which is why he kept me by his side
and made me his butler.   

Is something wrong?   

If you wish to fight me,   

then I invite you
to enter our manor.   

Stay on guard, everyone!   

We don't have time for games.
Take us to Dio!   

Jotaro! Be careful!
Something's coming out of his body!   

D'Arby Younger. His Stand, Atum.
Atum of the Egyptian pantheon. 

Hey, he brought out his Stand!   

We haven't seen this in a while.   

So another Stand
that actually shows itself.   

So who's first?   

Who shall be my first opponent?   

Forget that!   

Jotaro, take him down!   

I'll bet you
Star Platinum will first att*ck   

with his left arm.   

His first att*ck will be a punch
thrown with his left arm.   

-How much do you bet?
-This is bullshit!   

It won't make
a difference either way.   

One punch is all it takes!   

Do it!   

Hit him, Jotaro!   

What? He dodged it?   

Such amazing speed!   

That's impossible.   

Ah, too bad.
It seems I lost the bet.   

Like my brother,
I enjoy a good bet.   

But, alas,
luck is never on my side.   

To apologize, I shall take you
to a wonderful world.   

What the? A pit?   

Blast it! It was all a trap!   

Jotaro!   

Jotaro's falling into the abyss!   

Pull him out!   

I suppose I have no choice.
Join us.   

Mister Joestar! Kakyoin!   

Wait! It's too dangerous
to go in after them!   

Avdol, can you hear me?   

If you don't hear from us
in ten minutes,   

torch that mansion!   

Understand, Avdol?   

Mister Joestar!   

 EPISODE   :
DARBY THE PLAYER, PART     

Is this an illusion?
Are we underground or above ground?   

This water feels so real.   

What is this?   

Just what is he trying to do?   

Old man, Kakyoin,
see if you can figure this out.   

His Stand knew without a doubt
I would throw a right punch. 

Have any idea why?   

If we don't figure it out,
we'll lose this one.   

Care to wet your whistle?   

The drinks are real.   

And I assure you
they are not poisoned.   

Are we inside the mansion?   

Yes.   

Where in the mansion are we?   

I cannot tell you that.   

-Are we in the basement?
-Perhaps.   

Is a Stand doing this?
The illusion?   

Yes.   

Is it your Stand?   

No.   

-Is it Dio's?
-No.   

Whose is it?   

I'd rather not say.   

The Speedwagon Foundation
has reported   

that there are two to three more
Stand users.   

Is that true?    

I'd rather not say.    

You're not being very helpful.    

I could lie,    

but unlike my brother,
I prefer not to resort to trickery.    

So what you're saying is    

if we don't defeat you,
we can't proceed?    

Exactly!    

Absolutely correct, my good sir.    

That gentlemanly demeanor
is beginning to get on my nerves.    

Remember, it's three against one.    

We're short on time,    

so you'll have to deal with
all three of us at once.    

Come now, take a load off.    

I have something to show you.    

This is my collection.    

Collection?    

Like my brother,
I'm a humble collector.    

Every collector yearns to share
his treasured trinkets    

for that ephemeral moment
of praise, does he not?    

Is he a...    

Dolls? But why?    

No, Kakyoin.    

He's D'Arby's brother.    

Those aren't ordinary dolls.    

D'Arby!    

Talk to me. Please, talk to me.    

Talk to me!    

I'm so lonely!    

Help me!    

Oh my God!    

They're alive!
These dolls are alive!    

You bastard! You took their souls!    

My hobby is making dolls.    

Course,    

most doll makers cannot imbue
their handiwork with human souls.    

I suppose I may be
giving too much away,    

but that is my Stand's ability.    

My brother's collection
is rather boring.    

All he has are simple coins
made of souls.    

With my collection,
you can play dress up    

and have actual conversations.    

-Meet Sonia.
-D'Arby!    

She can wax poetic
about her many passionate love stories.    

She has such exquisite skin,
doesn't she?    

Anyone would be proud to own her.    

Dr. Elliott is a serial k*ller.
He's k*lled eight people.    

He'll tell you all about
the patients he's exterminated.    

I made the glasses
and stethoscope myself.    

Oh, and how could I forget!
I must show you this!    

This is Tatsuhiko,
a video game expert from Japan!    

He was a formidable opponent
with an IQ of    .    

It wasn't easy b*ating him
and stealing his soul, though.    

You're just as sick
as your brother.    

No, you're even more sadistic.    

I'm losing all patience!    

Beneath that polite façade
is a deranged sociopath.    

You make me sick.    

By the way,
I'm sure you learned this    

when you fought my brother,    

but the human soul
is a mysterious thing indeed.    

The moment a person admits defeat,    

the soul loses
almost all its vitality.    

At that very moment,
I can rip out a person's soul!    

That is our Stands'
fundamental mechanism.    

I've heard enough!
No more Mr. Nice Guy!    

We'll knock the living daylights
out of you,    

and get the hell on our way!    

But you must listen!    

Jotaro! You already know
you're under my control.    

Remember, Jotaro,
when you tried to att*ck me,    

and I knew exactly which arm
you would use.    

Shocking, wasn't it?    

You still haven't figured it out!    

You were shaken,
and while only slightly,    

I was able to touch your soul.    

What do you think I did
when I touched your soul?    

What?    

What is that?    

I embedded Atum's hand
inside your soul.    

I could crush your right arm
and make Master Dio very happy.    

But if I did that,    

I wouldn't be able to defend myself
against Kakyoin and Joseph,    

and I would perish.    

I certainly don't want that.    

So I have a suggestion, gentlemen.    

Let's play a game
and bet our souls.    

What?    

If you b*at me,
I will let go of your arm.    

Good grief.
Already under your control, huh?    

You're going to regret this, D'Arby.    

I would love to hear you
utter the words,    

"I'll bet my soul on this game."    

And I have another humble request    

Kakyoin, you shall be
my first opponent.    

Hey, what do you mean?    

You should fight me first.    

Mr. Joestar and you are family,
but Kakyoin is not.    

I'd prefer Kakyoin not back out
and att*ck me with his Stand    

after I've taken both your souls.    

Damn, arrogant prick.    

assh*le thinks he's won already.    

Fine. I'll be your opponent.    

-What?
-Kakyoin!    

It's fine. I'm not worried.    

I've probably played more
video games than anyone here.    

I challenge you to F-Mega.    

I'll bet my soul!    

Good.    

Kakyoin!    

You don't have to go first.    

Yes, I do.    

The hand in your arm could hinder
your game-playing ability.    

D'Arby,    

how do I know
you'll release Jotaro if you lose?    

The TV, console,
and game cartridges are all good.    

It's an ordinary video game setup.    

I am not like my brother.
I do not cheat.    

Now, let's begin.    

Yes.    

Go ahead, and select your vehicle.    

Right.    

So, I see you picked #  .    

I will be #  .
My birthday is January  th.    

We can begin whenever you please.    

Cut the courtesy and start!    

Race start in... 

Five! 

He's button mashing the accelerator
at such an incredible speed 

He's trying for a turbo start! 

Three! 

-Damn! I don't have time...
-Two! 

...to do the same! 

He'll take the lead! 

One. 

Start! 

He blocked me!    

As long as I'm in front
he can't b*at me. 

It's impossible for him to pass. 

And unfortunately for you,    

I never make mistakes
during a race.    

It's over, Kakyoin!    

What?    

Kakyoin, you've played
this game before, haven't you.    

I'd rather not say.    

All right!
This is your chance, Kakyoin!    

Hurry up! Get your machine
back on course and start!    

That technique... 

You don't get these skills
simply by playing video games. 

I never guessed
he'd make such a bold move. 

They're tied! They're side by side!    

No. Kakyoin is on the outside.    

He's at a disadvantage
on the turns.    

    kilometers per hour,    ,    .    

Three seconds till the first turn!    

I can't turn at this speed!    

I'm entering the turn
at full speed!    

Two! One!    

They're synchronized!    

They turned at the same speed
at the same time!    

They're neck and neck!    

I like you, Kakyoin!    

Your soul is on the line,
but you're unflinching!    

You've conquered your fear!    

You will make a worthy addition
to my collection.    

Noriaki Kakyoin thought to himself... 

Conquered my fears? 

Thank you.
I haven't always been this way. 

Six months ago,
when I met your master, Dio, 

he planted a flesh bud in my brain, 

and I was terrified. 

I still remember. 

I remember the horror
of facing that monster. 

My legs wouldn't move.
Every hair on my body stood on end. 

I was frozen. 

I realized I was helpless. 

The mere sight of him was turning
my own body against itself. 

My stomach was in knots. 

I could taste bile
in the back of my throat. 

I nearly threw up. 

Dio gazed down at me, 

and said tenderly,
as if calming a child... 

Kakyoin.    

There's nothing to fear.    

Let's be friends.    

I curse myself! I heard his words. 

And I was relieved. 

Totally and utterly relieved. 

"I can still live!", I thought. 

But it was humiliating.
I'll never forgive him! 

It was humiliating beyond words. 

I'll never forgive myself. 

I curse myself
for submitting to him. 

Jotaro saved me. 

That's why I decided
to embark on this journey. 

I will never again
allow myself to become 

the pathetic, cowardly Kakyoin
I was on that fateful day! 

And that, D'Arby, is why I can fight
with my very soul on the line! 

Three, two, one! 

They're neck and neck again!    

The third corner!    

That is why I, Noriaki Kakyoin, 

will never be controlled
by my fears. 

That, I promise you! 

All right! The fifth corner!
In sync again!    

They're both turning
at the same speed!    

Kakyoin! Damn you!    

The sixth corner is coming up!    

The speed tunnel
comes right after the sixth turn. 

If you enter the tunnel, 

you can double
your max speed to    km. 

I've got to make it to the tunnel! 

The tunnel is wide enough
for only one car. 

If they try to enter the tunnel
side by side,    

one of them is going to crash!    

Sixth turn!
They're still neck and neck!    

The tunnel! I see the tunnel.    

Kakyoin, push'm aside!    

Haven't you realized, Kakyoin?    

Do you really think
you can push me aside?    

Look at your power meter!    

Kakyoin has less power!    

You used up your power    

when you spun around
and blocked me    

back at the beginning of the race!    

Two seconds until
we reach the tunnel.    

You're going to crash!
Let him have the lead!    

Go in the tunnel behind D'Arby!    

I can't do that!    

If he makes it to the tunnel first,
there's no way I can win.    

One second!    

Kakyoin!    

He went on two wheels!    

Dammit!
You're riding the tunnel walls.    

Yes, Kakyoin! You can do it!    

Push'm aside!    

Quiet! You're ruining
my concentration!    

He's slamming into Kakyoin!    

I don't care if I lose some power. 

I need to get around that turn
faster than Kakyoin, 

even if it's only a hundredth
of a second sooner. 

I need to get out of the tunnel
before him, even if it means 

I'm just one one-thousandth
of a millimeter ahead! 

Hey, what's wrong?
I can't see the cars!    

From here on, we have to get through
the tunnel in darkness.    

What?    

Absolute darkness,
where the radar is completely useless!    

And there are eight turns,
a landmine, and a cannon att*ck.    

It remains dark
until you're out of the tunnel.    

One mistake
and you'll slam into the wall.    

But I know exactly
where the turns are.    

And I'm sure D'Arby does too.    

That's the cars turning.    

What's happening? Where are they?    

Who's ahead?    

Three!    

Two!    

One!    

Cannon att*ck!    

For a second there,
the blast lit up the cars!    

Kakyoin is slightly behind.    

The exit!
They're about to exit the tunnel!    

 D'Arby is ahead!    

He's one car length ahead!    

I win!    

I will never let down my guard. 

You have less power than I! 

I've grasped his soul! 

Don't be ridiculous, Jotaro! 

I know the rules of baseball. 

It is impossible to back out now! 

You should offer encouragement
at times like this. 

This is pathetic.
They're about to exit the tunnel!  

Oh! D'Arby is ahead!  

He's one car length ahead!  

Now our speed will double.  

I win!  

No!  

I still have more power
than you, D'Arby!  

Which means...  

Kakyoin's car just...   

He spun and knocked
D'Arby's car off the race track!   

He was going     kilometers per hour!   

He's out!   

Kakyoin's car is safe on the ground.   

He did it!   

The car with less power loses
in collisions.   

Forfeiting your power
to ram me was a mistake.   

You didn't realize that I intentionally
stayed one car length behind   

so I could spin
and knock you off course.   

Is that so?   

Seems you're the one
who's missed something.   

Losing power was not an accident.   

I planned it so you would knock
my car off course!   

Everything rests
on this one moment!   

Look where my car is going now!   

What?   

He landed on the opposite side
of the track, farther ahead!   

I don't believe it!   

Yes, normally, it's impossible.   

Normally, an attempt to make it
to the opposite track   

by hurdling over
the curve would result   

in an abrupt collision with terra firma,
even at     kilometers per hour.   

You can't make it by jumping
over the curves.   

But Kakyoin, it's another story
if you're catapulted over them. 

All I needed was your help! 

I sacrificed my power
so you would hit me.   

It was all part of my plan.   

Now, then,   

Shall we proceed
with our race, Kakyoin?   

Don't give up, Kakyoin!   

Kakyoin!   

There, his soul is mine. 

He admitted defeat. 

He knew it was pointless
to continue racing. 

I must say Kakyoin,   

you are the first opponent
to ever make me perspire.   

This Kakyoin doll will make a most
exquisite addition to my collection.   

He was my first opponent
to conquer his fears   

and not cr*ck under pressure.   

Kakyoin!   

I will treasure him
and his good company.   

Careful.   

I advise you to remain calm
and not to att*ck me.   

And that's not all.   

I could slip on a banana peel
and hit my head,   

choke on a piece of gum,
or suffer a heart att*ck   

and die from something as simple
as someone popping a bag of popcorn.   

Kakyoin's soul would go straight
to heaven with me.   

 EPISODE   :
D'ARBY THE PLAYER, PART     

-Jotaro?
-Oh?   

Hey, Jotaro!
Why are you sitting down?   

I'll b*at him! I'm next!   

Old man, have you even played
any of these games?   

Stay out of this, old man.   

We're not playing cards
or hanafuda here.   

We're playing baseball next.   

That's how we'll do this.   

I bet my soul.   

Good. I bet Kakyoin's soul.   

There. My Stand, Atum,
has released your arm.   

Now that I have Kakyoin's soul,   

there's no reason for me to keep
my Stand's hand on you.   

And I'd be at a bit of a disadvantage   

if I faced you
with my Stand one-handed.   

I know your Star Platinum
is swift and precise.   

Of all the games
you could have chosen...   

This one is my specialty.   

D'Arby! The minute Jotaro beats you,
I'll throttle you.   

Don't forget that.   

This game hasn't been tampered
with either.   

I'm certain.   

First, pick your team.   

Jaguars.   

I see.   

You selected a strong offensive team.   

You have two batters with over
a .    batting average.   

Then I'll choose the Red Dragons.   

Offense or defense?
Take your pick.   

Offense.   

Fine. Jaguars will bat first.   

You can design your own players
by drawing their faces.   

This is Star Platinum.   

Done.   

Now, shall we play ball?   

Jaguars versus Red Dragons. 

Play ball! 

TOP OF THE FIRST   

I've chosen number    as my pitcher.   

January  th is my birthday,
you know.   

Here we go.    

The pitcher is winding up. 

The first pitch! 

What?    

Strike one! 

Hey, Jotaro.
What did you just do?    

You swung the bat before the pitcher
even threw the ball!    

Hey, Jotaro...    

What are you practicing
your swing for?    

No...    

Is this the first time
you've played this game?    

Have you even played
video games before?    

Answer me, Jotaro!    

Relax. I know how to play baseball.    

I'll figure out
the game's controls as I go.    

What?    

Your timing is totally off!    

Your swings are pathetic!    

This is your first time playing,
isn't it?    

Strike two! 

Now you swung the bat after
the catcher caught the ball!    

You have no clue what you're doing!    

Dammit, Jotaro!    

You've never played
a video game before, have you?    

Strike! Batter out! 

Quit messing around, Jotaro!    

Stop trying to act so cool!    

You bet your soul!
There's no backing out!    

Good grief.    

This is when you're supposed
to cheer for me.    

Like "It's only the first inning.
The game's just started.    

You can do it, Jotaro." Like that.    

What are you thinking?    

Star Platinum's reflexes mean nothing    

if you don't know the first thing
about video games.    

Do you honestly think you can b*at him?
What's your plan, Jotaro?    

What's going on
in that head of yours?    

Jotaro.    

If you're trying to trick me
by pretending to be an amateur,    

it's not going to work.    

I'd never let my guard down,
not even against a child!    

I've bet a soul,
and I will not hold back.    

Old man.    

I have no plan.    

My only "plan" is to knock    

the nose straight off the condescending,
over-inflated douchebag    

taking up space beside me.    

All I care about is getting
Kakyoin's soul back.    

Say what you'd like.    

It's still the top of the first inning,
and you have one out.    

There's still more game to play.    

And remember,    

if you fall more than
eleven points behind,    

you lose.    

Second batter, number three. 

Strike! 

He's getting worse!    

He was over    centimeters above
the ball when he swung!    

Strike two! 

Not even close!    

Strike three! You're out! 

It's all over. 

He's no competition for him. 

It's like the high school
baseball champs 

going against the tea ceremony club. 

It's pathetic. 

Strike! 

Strike two! 

It looks like he really is a beginner.
This is too easy! 

In the same way
that a judo pro can gauge 

his opponent's skill simply by looking
at the way he wears his gi, 

I can tell
Jotaro is a complete video game novice! 

But I will never let my guard down. 

I know every batter's weakness
in this game. 

Next will be a low pitch
to the outside. 

I'll throw my best pitch,
the four-seam fast ball, 

and strike him out! 

First inning, two outs,
two strikes, no fouls.    

Here comes my next pitch.    

Go ahead.    

I pretty much got the hang
of batting now.    

What did he just say? 

"Got the hang of it"? 

What? 

He can't have... 

What is he talking about? 

What does he mean? 

What? 

Jotaro!    

Good. This game is pretty fun.    

Huh? It can't be... 

It's going. The ball is still going! 

What did he say just now? 

He just "got the hang
of batting now"? 

Got the hang of it? 

It's good!    

You've got to be kidding me!
No way!    

Home run!    

A home run!    

Jotaro!    

What did you just say?    

"I got the hang of it"?    

Did you really say,
"I pretty much got the hang of batting"?    

I'm not going to say it again.    

He was a beginner. 

He learned how to swing
with just eight pitches? 

Jotaro Kujo has all the speed
and dexterity of Star Platinum. 

Now I know why Master Dio
finds him to be problematic. 

Now I know why my brother lost. 

Interesting. I couldn't have asked
for a more fitting opponent. 

But revealing your talents
so early in the game, 

that, my friend, is a mistake
you will regret. 

The game continues, Jotaro.    

He did it!    

He did it again!    

Another home run!    

You scored four runs
in the first inning!    

Looks like you've got this game
in the bag, Jotaro!    

Keep it up! Keep going!    

Hey, D'Arby.    

I know you'll turn
a deaf ear to me,    

but I'll say it anyway
cause I'm a nice guy.    

If you return Kakyoin's soul
and take us to Dio,    

we'll spare your life.    

My brother was a master gambler
and a genius con artist.    

Yet he never said,    

"Terrence, let's play
a game of poker."    

Not even once.    

Why do you think that is?    

When I was fifteen, I caught my brother
making a move on my girlfriend. 

He was ten years older than me,
and I b*at him to a bloody pulp. 

I broke his ribs and kicked him
until he vomited blood.    

The last thing he ever
said to me was, "I'm sorry."    

Do you know why?    

Cut to the chase, bastard!    

Ever since we were kids,    

my brother knew
he could never b*at me.    

And there's a reason for that.    

Right now, you may appear confident,
hitting home run after home run.    

But you feel a sense of unease,    

just like my brother
did all those years ago.    

My prowess worries you, doesn't it?    

You're thinking,
"No... Maybe... It can't be..."    

Right, Jotaro?    

What are you talking about?    

I'm changing pitchers!    

Number    is out.
Number    is in.    

Number    is a power pitcher with
a maximum pitch speed of     km/h.    

I'll also tell you my pitch.    

Number    will throw a forkball
right down the middle!    

What? He's declaring
what he's throwing?    

A forkball right down the middle.    

Do you believe me or not?    

Jotaro, he's just trying to shake
your confidence.    

Just ignore him!    

Throw the ball, D'Arby.    

To believe or not to believe?    

It's coming right at him!    

It's a fastball!    

Is it going to change direction?    

What's going to happen?    

He swung!
Jotaro bet on the forkball!    

But it's not changing direction!
It's a fastball!    

He hit the bottom of the ball!    

Out! 

First inning!
Three outs! Change! 

FIRST INNING    

You idiot!    

You fell for it?
You swung for a forkball!    

No.    

He already knew I would swing
for a forkball.    

He knew before he threw the ball,
so he switched to a fastball.    

And he's right.    

I've been worried ever since
we stepped foot into this mansion.    

He somehow knew that Star Platinum
would throw a left punch. 

That's impossible!    

Are you trying to tell me
he can read your mind?    

It's my turn at bat.    

This will be a home run.    

I'll hit a home run right into
the left-field bleachers.    

Old man.    

You're sure the game
and console are good, right?    

I'm positive.    

And I haven't seen him make
any funny moves either.    

Then the secret is his Stand.    

His Stand doesn't just take souls.    

He has another ability.    

I'm going to aim for... 

Now I'll get to the bottom of this. 

What? He's going to try to hit
the batter on purpose? 

Where might you be aiming now?
An inside pitch?    

Will you throw it high?    

Or low?    

Are you planning some sort of trick?    

What? He pulled back the second
Jotaro threw the ball!    

He knew exactly
what was going to happen!    

There's no way
he could have done that    

without reading Jotaro's mind.    

Home run! 

That's one run.    

Damn.    

We've faced all kinds of opponents,
but never one who could read our minds. 

If he can really read our minds, 

then it doesn't matter how smart
or strong we think we are. 

We don't stand a chance! 

Jotaro, what are you going to do? 

BOTTOM OF THE FIRST    

Damn it! He's declaring
another home run.    

Let's see.
Will it be an outside pitch?    

Or are you going to aim low?    

Perhaps a fastball?    

Four to two.    

A person's body language
and the surrounding environment 

can sometimes help predict
an opponent's next move. 

But never perfectly. 

His Stand predicts Jotaro's pitch
with    % accuracy. 

And technically he's not cheating! 

Another home run!
It's four to three! 

How do we stop him
from reading our minds? 

How? 

I'll be in the lead in no time.    

Now, will your next move
be an inside pitch?    

A fastball? A high pitch?
Perhaps a curveball?    

Oh, what do you
have up your sleeve?    

Your hat...    

Heh, you fool.    

 Do you honestly think
I'd cheat like my brother?    

Jotaro, that's not it!    

Hiding your face
with your hat won't help.    

He's not watching the reflection
of the screen in your eyes.    

There's no way he can see
what you're pressing    

or what pitch you're choosing.    

I've been watching him.
That's not what's going on.    

I'm sweating.    

That's why I took it off.    

Please hurry up
and throw your next pitch.    

But I won't be
sweating anymore.    

I'll tell you my next pitch.    

I'm throwing
a high, outside fastball.    

What?    

What?
What did you just say, Jotaro?    

Just as I said.    

Losing your hearing, old man?    

I just told him my next pitch.    

I'm going to throw a high,
outside fastball.    

Jotaro!    

To believe?
Or not to believe? 

 Not too bright, are you?    

NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW    

What did you just say, Jotaro? 

I said I was going to declare my pitch. 

-Jotaro is not lying.
-Yes. 

-You rigged the console somehow!
-No. 

Your school hat proves
that you're cheating! 

It's not cheating
if you don't get caught.
What?
What did you just say, Jotaro?  

Just as I said.  

Losing your hearing, old man?  

I just told him my next pitch.  

I'm going to throw
a high, outside fastball.  

Jotaro!  

To believe?
Or not to believe?  

Not too bright, are you?  

My Stand can peer into
your soul in the same way   

that a thermal imager detects
an object's radiation.   

It doesn't matter what Jotaro may say,
his soul cannot lie.   

Yes or no? Right or left?   

By analyzing your soul, I can see
the answer to any yes-or-no question.   

Outside or inside? High or low?   

Fastball or curveball?   

My Stand is infallible.   

 A high, outside fastball?   

 EPISODE   : THE MIASMA OF THE VOID,
COOL ICE, PART     

 Yes or no?   

Jotaro is telling the truth. 

He's going to pitch
a high, outside fastball. 

This is no ruse. 

What is he up to? 

He b*at my brother by bluffing, 

but he thinks
that will work with me? 

You fool! 

Here it comes.   

Don't forget, you lose
if you fall eleven runs behind.   

What? A curve!   

That wasn't a high,
outside fastball!   

And he hit it! 

But it's a grounder!
Throw to first! He's out! 

I don't believe it. 

There was no way he wasn't throwing
a high, outside fastball. 

No one's soul can lie.
Not even the great Buddha's. 

Not even my brother's,
the world's greatest con man! 

Next is another high, outside fastball.   

He's not lying. He's serious! 

Jotaro, you don't intend to have me
believe you're cheating right now, do you?   

I do! 

What?   

He's cheating? 

A low, inside forkball! 

Fly ball! The pitcher caught it! 

Out! 

You cheated!
Jotaro, you bastard!   

You must've tampered
with the console!   

What?   

So he didn't tamper with it? 

I know you're cheating!   

Now come clean!   

No response. 

Damn! I have to ask
a yes-or-no question! 

Looks like you can read
my thoughts   

only when it's a yes-or-no question.   

Like your brother used to say,   

it's not cheating
if you aren't caught.   

It's not cheating
if you aren't caught?   

How dare you?   

Do you know
who you're talking to?   

Go ahead and pitch, Jotaro!   

I'll figure out your trick
and take your soul!   

Now, then.
Shall we continue?   

My next pitch will be...   

A high, outside fastball.   

Jotaro's soul isn't lying. 

He is genuinely going
to pitch a high, outside fastball. 

I'll figure out
how you're cheating! 

This ends now! 

He hasn't changed his mind. 

It's still a "yes."
He's going to throw it! 

Here it comes! 

It's still a "yes."
He threw a fastball! 

It tumbled! A forkball! 

What? It's a different pitch!   

Out! That's three outs! Change!   

I don't get it! I can't figure out
how he's cheating? 

Jotaro's soul kept saying
he'd throw a fastball, 

but it curved! 

How is he deceiving me? 

You're done for, D'Arby.   

Shut up!   

It's the hat!
Why did you take off your hat?   

You've been cheating
ever since you took that hat off!   

Move! I'm checking
your station and controller.   

Damn you!
How did you do it?   

I don't suppose, it has something
to do with that hat,   

does it?   

The culprit is somewhere
around here!   

You're using Star Platinum
to cheat, aren't you?   

You're doing something, Jotaro!
Admit it!   

Damn it! 

I can read people's minds! 

And I can read Jotaro's thoughts! 

How does his mind throw
the ball one way, 

but his body throws it another? 

He, uh... looks like he's losing
his youthful glow.   

He definitely doesn't look like
a guy in his twenties anymore.   

D'Arby, it's your turn.    

Hurry up and throw it.    

Four to three...    

Only a one-point difference.
I can b*at him.    

I am a video game genius! 

I cannot lose. 

I am a video game genius! 

I cannot lose.
My mind is a steel trap. 

I've won every match!
I'm invincible! 

A video game expert
is an expert at life! 

You think
you can shake my confidence? 

It's in! It's a home run! 

Another run for the Jaguars! 

It's five to three! 

No! I inadvertently
released his soul!    

Kakyoin's soul just...
He's conscious!    

No! I didn't admit defeat!    

It was an accident!
Releasing his soul was a mistake!    

If you released his soul,
then that means...    

your soul admitted defeat.    

What?    

Joseph's Stand,
he entwined it around the controller.    

Oh, whoops.    

Something so idiotic...    

The cheat was...
The one manipulating the controller...    

Damn it...    

So Jotaro wasn't controlling it.
It was you, Joseph Joestar!    

That's right, D'Arby.    

I'm sure your brother would have
figured it out a long time ago.    

By the way, old man.    

I'm glad you caught on to my secret idea.    

Of course! I know exactly
what you're thinking!    

You're my grandson!    

Come on, Kakyoin.    

Damn it... From behind...    

Now...    

What to do with you?    

You have to forgive me!
I gave you Kakyoin's soul back!    

Everything's back to normal now!    

We're good! Right?    

If you want to know
whether I'll forgive you,    

why don't you just read my mind?    

Tell me, will I hit you
with my right fist or my left?    

Guess.    

Just get it over with.
You'll use your right.    

Your left?    

Both?    

Are you going to do
the "ora-ora" thing?    

Yes! Oh my God!    

D'Arby Younger: Out of commission! 

Looks like we broke through
some sort of wall.    

That's our ticket out of here,
Jotaro! Kakyoin!    

Good grief.    

Forgive me for disturbing you, master,    

but as I'm sure you are
already aware,    

about ten minutes ago,    

Joestar and his comrades
infiltrated the manor.    

I must also inform you
that D'Arby has been defeated.    

D'Arby was a genius.    

With such competence and acumen,
D'Arby should have won.    

Why do you think
he suffered defeat?    

Come in, Cool Ice.    

As you wish.    

The Joestars    

are unconditionally prepared
to sacrifice their own lives    

in order to save their family.    

Kakyoin and the other two...    

What were their names...    

Ah, yes...    

Avdol and Polnareff are willing
to die to destroy me.    

They believe running from me
would mean running from themselves.    

Such fools.    

But that is their strength.    

D'Arby may have sworn
his loyalty to me,    

but he was not prepared
to die on my behalf.    

That is why, at the edge of glory,
he could not clinch victory.    

For all eternity,
D'Arby will remain in ignorance.    

Ice...    

Look at the scar on my neck.    

Jonathan Joestar's body
is still rejecting me.    

But all it takes is the blood
of one more soul.    

The body will become mine,
and the wound will heal.    

Ice...    

Will you give me your life's blood?    

Yes, master. With pleasure.    

What is mine is yours!    

You beheaded yourself.    

Most splendid.    

But Cool Ice,    

I cannot accept the blood
of such a loyal servant.    

I shall heal my wound
with another's blood.    

You must live.    

To your rebirth.    

Your resolve shall secure
your victory.    

Dio, my lord.    

One's own body is always best.    

You are ready.    

Take care of them, Cool Ice.    

Lord Dio...    

I will not let you down.    

I promise, I shall destroy
every one of them.    

You need not help
with the door.    

Your Stand can completely vanish
from this dimension.    

 COOL ICE    

The ten minutes are up.    

Mister Joestar said to set
the mansion ablaze,    

but I say we go in after them.    

Yeah.    

Before we proceed, there's something
I have to tell you, Polnareff.    

If you lose your way or are injured
and can't go on,    

I will not save you.    

Iggy, the same goes for you.    

I know it sounds cruel,    

but we've come here to defeat Dio.    

If I become injured
or separated from you,    

promise me you won't attempt
to save me either.    

You must think of your own safety
first and foremost.    

We can't let ourselves get k*lled
trying to save one another.    

Yeah, I got it, Avdol.    

If we get out of here alive,    

you'd better treat me
to a mind-blowing feast of a dinner.    

I'll treat you and Iggy, both.    

All right, let's go.    

Silver Chariot!    

Hey, Avdol. What should we do?    

It looks like it goes on forever.    

I know Mister Joestar told us
to set the mansion on fire,    

but this structure is
an immense labyrinth.    

Setting it alight would put us all
in grave danger.    

Instead...    

Magician's Red!    

The flames detect lifeforms.    

They will sense anything that breathes,
human or animal.    

They can even detect cutaneous respiration
and minute movements.    

They will also sense a Stand's energy.    

The flames will lead the way.    

Why are there six flames?    

There is a flame for each of
the four directions,    

as well as ones for the space
above and below us.    

If something is hidden
within fifteen meters,    

regardless of size,
the flames will detect its presence.    

Mister Joestar and the others
were pulled below us.    

Let's head down.    

The flames already
picked up something.    

There's something in front of us,
to the left.    

What?    

The Fool! 

Hey. Who is this guy?    

-Look around us, Polnareff!
-Huh?    

The maze! It's gone!    

His Stand created this illusion.    

When Iggy slashed him, it vanished.    

His name, Billie Jean.
Defeated without resistance! 

The mansion is back to normal.    

For now, at least,
the flames aren't detecting anything.    

HE WHO READS THIS CARVING
AND TURNS ABACK SHALL...    

HE WHO READS THIS CARVING
AND TURNS ABACK SHALL...    

 PERISH    

The flames don't sense anything. 

Iggy hasn't picked up
anything, either. 

What is this thing? 

Impossible! My flames
and Iggy's nose didn't sense it! 

Where did it come from? 

Polnareff! Iggy! Look out!    

Hey, Avdol! Where are you?    

What was that just now?    

Whose arms are those?    

Hey, Avdol!    

Where are you?    

Avdol!    

Where are you?    

Avdol!    

Avdol!    

What the hell is that?    

Where did it come from?    

Why didn't Avdol's flames sense it?    

Hey, Iggy!    

You couldn't smell him
with your nose?    

Answer me!    

Where are you, Avdol?    

Where did you go?    

Avdol...    

has been disintegrated.
He is dead.    

Beyond my jaws lies
an endless void.    

A dark dimension unto which
my own understanding reaches not.    

Your ally is already gone.    

You two are next.    

Your arrogance will not last.    

One by one, each in his place,    

I shall strew your atomic fragments
across the void.    

I don't believe you.    

It's impossible.    

Avdol can't be dead.    

You lie!    

-Is fate telling me to live on?
-I heard another wall fall down. 

-More sounds of destruction?
-He's full of spite. 

I will eliminate you. 

Don't let his spite overcome you! 

-There's no time to deal with the pain.
-Suck on my sword and die!
What the hell is that?  

Why didn't Avdol's flames sense it?  

Where are you, Avdol?  

Avdol...  

has been disintegrated.
He is dead.  

You two are next.  

Your arrogance will not last.  

One by one, each in his place,  

I shall strew your atomic fragments
across the void.   

It's impossible...   

Avdol can't be dead.   

You lie!   

What?   

Polnareff's Stand
can att*ck this swiftly? 

And at such distances? Astonishing. 

Look over here,
you good-for-nothing maggot!   

 EPISODE   : THE MIASMA OF THE VOID,
COOL ICE, PART     

 What was that?   

 When we broke through the mirage,   

I think I heard a wall collapse
deep in the mansion.   

Do you think Avdol and Polnareff...   

Damn it! I know I hit him,
but he's not dead.   

He cannibalized himself
into the abyss.   

He and his Stand!   

Avdol... Damn it. 

You said it yourself. 

Polnareff! Iggy! Look out!   

You told us to look out
for ourselves. 

You said you wouldn't save me. 

You liar! 

You've been meddling
in other people's business 

ever since we set foot in India! 

Avdol! Why couldn't you
just leave me alone?   

If I hadn't ducked just now,
I'd be a dead man. 

It's fate;
something's telling me to carry on. 

Avdol must be telling me
to fight back. 

This room is way too dangerous.   

We've got to get out of here, Iggy!   

Come on, Iggy! Upstairs!   

We're going upstairs!   

The exit!
That's the door we came in!   

But I can't leave.   

Avdol sacrificed himself
to save us.   

Because he believed in us,
that we can defeat Dio.   

I can't... I won't let him down!   

I refuse to turn back
like some coward.   

I'm not running away.   

I'm running to get closer to Dio!   

And these stairs aren't
going to slow me down!   

I expected him
to dash out the door.   

Such a pity...   

Impressive. He managed a hit.   

Polnareff's mental fortitude
emboldens him   

to conquer his own fears
and face immanent death.   

I shall corner him
and obliterate his body.   

There is no question.   

He is no match for my Stand.   

His Stand's jaws are the gateway
to an alternate dimension? 

A dark, unimaginable abyss... 

All I know is that he can move about
our realm without making a sound, 

without leaving the faintest
scent or sign of life. 

But how... 

How can I b*at him? 

He cut us off!   

He's close.   

He's here!   

Iggy, watch my back!   

I'll watch yours.   

He can't reach us
if he can't break through the wall. 

As long as he emerges
from the dark beyond, 

I can k*ll him. 

Come at me, bastard!
I'll slice you in two!   

You've got me pissed, which makes
my Chariot all the faster!   

I've lost Avdol,
and I'm not letting you get away!   

What? He's hiding in the cr*ck
under my foot?   

Chariot!   

My foot!   

That was so...   

you can't run away!   

Bastard!   

Not so fast.   

Mister Joestar!
It's that shaking again!   

It has to be Avdol and Polnareff.   

They've come in after us,
and they're fighting somewhere.   

Come on!
We have to find them, fast!   

You've managed
to hide amid the chaos, Polnareff. 

Such futility. 

With that injury, you won't go far. 

You must be hiding
beneath the rubble. 

You are helpless against me.
You shall die by my hand.   

Now, where are you, Polnareff?   

That's quite the ruckus, Cool Ice.   

Lord Dio!   

Take heed, my lord!   

Polnareff and that mongrel
are hiding nearby.   

Allow me to be of assistance.   

You must not trouble yourself.   

A fake Dio made from The Fool!
We got him! 

Attacking from behind
might be cowardly. 

You'd think I'd feel guilty. 

But you k*lled Avdol from behind. 

I'll show you no mercy! 

This is the death you deserve! 

Do it, Iggy! 

Quarter the bastard,
shoulder to hip! 

Fillet that scoundrel! 

You're kidding!
He figured it out!    

The sun enters this room.    

Lord Dio would never...    

enter this room by day.    

Iggy!    

The real Lord Dio
bestowed me with his trust.    

He entrusted me
with the honor of k*lling you.    

That is why Lord Dio would never descend
to the second floor!    

No! He's going to k*ll Iggy! 

He'll be swallowed up
into the abyss! 

You damn, pathetic dog!    

How dare you force me
to destroy Lord Dio's likeness?    

What? He punched him! 

He didn't use the void! 

He punched Iggy
without k*lling him! 

Do you have any idea...    

I don't care if it was a fake
made of sand!    

You made me destroy it!    

I'll kick you to death,
you filthy mutt!    

It would take only an instant
to absorb you into my dark abyss!    

That won't satiate my fury!    

It's your fault!    

It's your fault
for making me angry!    

It's your fault!    

Time to learn your lesson!
How's that?    

I'll teach you!
And this? Better?    

Stop...    

Cool Ice is crazy. 

He's insane! 

He's lost it because
he destroyed that pile of sand 

that looked like Dio? 

His soul is the murky abyss! 

His soul is the inky hell
that obliterates all! 

Lord Dio said    

the resolve of the human heart
must never be underestimated.    

But you're just a filthy stray!    

You have no resolve.    

Your soul knows
nothing of pride!    

Stop...    

Take that! And that!    

Stop...    

How do you like that? And that?    

Stop it, Cool Ice!    

I will end this, Polnareff!    

sh*t!    

He disappeared!    

But... 

Iggy! 

Our Stand decoy
may've fallen through, 

but your sand
might've just saved us. 

Now I know how to find him! 

I can see him.
I can see him moving! 

How do you like that! We did it! 

Damn you! 

When you move, 

you have to absorb
everything in your path. 

So swallow this! 

Take a big mouthful of sand
and come here, you piece of sh*t! 

And when you peek out
from behind your Stand's putrid teeth, 

I'll finish you off! 

Bull's-eye! Yeah!
Eat that!    

I found your weakness, Cool Ice!    

Your attempt to pinpoint my location
leaves you vulnerable!    

You can't see me without emerging
from your dark dimension!    

Suck on this!    

Suck on my sword and croak, bastard!    

You bastard... 

I've skewered your throat
and your brain stem! 

Die, damn it!
You're supposed to be dead!    

Hurry up and die!    

Die, Cool Ice!    

I cannot die.    

I do not have time to feel pain.    

I will k*ll you without fail!    

I will swallow Iggy,
the Joestars, and anyone left!    

I can die after that!    

You bastard!    

Good boy.
You've withdrawn your sword.    

This time, I'll send you to hell!    

Is this the vile arm
that stabbed me?    

You bastard!    

Damn it! I had no choice
but to shove him away!    

No!    

Not so fast, buddy!    

I got him! But...    

Damn it! He got my leg.
I can't move. 

But I can't think about the pain! 

I almost got him! 

This guy is different. 

He's vengeful to the core. 

And he's not just nuts. 

He's consumed
with devotion to Dio! 

I won't let him get the upper hand! 

I can't die until I k*ll you! 

Damn him! Here he comes! 

Take this!    

It's no use.
It got part of my sword!    

It's impossible to att*ck him
when he's hidden in the abyss.    

It'll just swallow me whole.    

He's absorbing the building
at random! Damn it!    

The bastard knows I'll att*ck him
if he shows himself.    

So he's blindly attacking
from every angle!    

He's good.    

At this rate,
he'll hit me for sure.    

I have to pull back Chariot.    

Damn it...
Iggy's losing too much blood.    

His broken ribs
must've punctured his lungs.    

Talk about insane...
He's devouring the walls.    

No... I was wrong!    

This isn't random.
It's all part of his plan!    

He's drawing circles around me,
smaller, concentric circles!    

He's making a spiral.    

Like a giant mosquito coil.
He's closing in!    

It doesn't matter
if he doesn't know our location.    

He doesn't have
to break out of the abyss.    

He'll hit us anyway!    

He's got us
right where he wants us.    

There's no way
I can dodge him with this leg!    

I've got to carve an opening
in the floor to get away!    

Damn.
I don't have enough time!    

He's coming right for us!    

Somehow I dodged...    

But he's closing in
like a needle on a record.    

In about five more rounds,
he'll be here!    

The question is... 

How do I dodge
with this injured leg? 

 SELECT THE BEST ANSWER
FROM THE FOLLOWING THREE OPTIONS:    

  . THE HANDSOME POLNAREFF WILL DEVISE    

 THE PERFECT COUNTERATTACK
JUST IN THE NICK OF TIME.    

  . HIS FRIENDS WILL
COME AND SAVE HIM.    

  . HE WON'T BE ABLE TO DODGE THE att*ck.
LIFE IS A BITCH.    

If it were up to me,
option two would become my reality. 

But I can't count on that. 

They entered the mansion
ten minutes before us. 

There's no way
they'll just appear out of thin air 

like some American comic book hero,
swooping in to save the day. 

For all I know, they might be
in the middle of a fight themselves. 

Looks like option one
is my only choice.    

Chariot! Pull me out of the circle
as fast as you can!    

Damn it! Pull me faster!    

It's no use!    

Damn! So it's option three. 

Life is a bitch. 

Silver Chariot is a Stand
that fights with a saber.    

It doesn't have the power
to pull my weight,    

especially when I'm injured.    

Blast it...    

You're all torn up!
Just stay still, stupid!    

If you move
or use your Stand's power,    

your broken ribs will sink deeper
into your lungs and you'll die!    

Just cut out the tough-guy act,
you idiot!    

Are you trying to die beside me?    

I'm the one
who's going to save you!    

You have to live on    

to tell Mister Joestar and the others
about this bastard.    

You have to defeat him!    

Avdol might've saved me,
but you sure as hell better not!    

If we all die,
everything will be in vain!    

One more loop and he's got me.    

So it is number three.    

Life is cruel.    

Guess he wanted victory
more than I did.    

So long, Iggy.    

This blood is not your doing. 

It is Avdol's. 

I don't know the details. 

I have really bad luck
with friends. 

Not to the likes of you! 

It happens every time.
What the...
This carnage...  

It's perfectly spherical, like someone
pulled a cork out of the wall.  

What in God's name...  

It's not just here. The destruction
spreads into the other room.  

There's no question.  

Avdol and the others
have had a brush with evil!  

Jotaro! Break down this door!
We're going in!  

Yes.  

So long, Iggy.   

 EPISODE   : THE MIASMA OF THE VOID,
COOL ICE, PART     

Polnareff. The blood that stains
my body is not your handiwork.   

It is Avdol's.   

My plan was to simultaneously
eradicate you both, 

but Avdol pushed you
out of harm's way. 

Anyone else would have
instinctively saved himself.   

He is the one responsible
for my injuries.   

I may be injured,
but I am far from death.   

Now I shall k*ll the other three!   

They will not survive,
I assure you.   

Dammit, Iggy.
I told you not to use your Stand.   

You had to show off...   

I told you not to do it.   

Polnareff!   

To Cool Ice, he was a filthy stray.
A soul without resolve. 

A soul that knew no pride. 

But a Stand is a manifestation
of the soul. 

Iggy's soul acted
of its own volition. 

Something had compelled it to action. 

The sand... I can feel it.
But it's a Stand... 

How could this have happened?
Damn it! 

It's a lifeless remnant.
A vestige of a Stand... 

I feel the chill of death.
A life cut short. 

Damn!
Why am I the one who survived? 

Ig...   

Iggy!   

You're slow, Cool Ice.
And it's as you say.   

Life is cruel.
My friends have all left me.   

I was supposed to save Iggy,
but instead, he saved me.   

Damn it! 

How could this be happening? 

I only now realize
what he meant to me. 

It always happens this way. 

It's always after they're gone. 

You may've been
a miserable little mutt, 

but you always impressed me.
You were stubborn. 

You lived life by your own rules,
not by the whims of others. 

Now I understand. 

Your indifference to us was
a product of your self-respect. 

I told you not to save me. 

Damn! Why did you have
to be so stubborn? 

I knew it.
I know what you are, Cool Ice. 

I knew something was strange.   

You're immortal.
Dio's changed you somehow.   

What's happening to me?   

You didn't even notice it yourself?   

He gave you his blood, didn't he?   

I never would have guessed.
You're turning into a vampire.   

Your body is just like Dio's.   

A soulless, filthy vampire!   

You bastard!   

I must have k*lled your old body   

when I drove that saber
through your gullet.   

Bring it!   

Come on!
What are you waiting for?   

Didn't you swear
to protect "Lord" Dio?   

Come and get me! I'm right here!   

What's wrong, Cool Ice?
I'm waiting!   

You're not going to...   

Burn in Hell.   

Avdol. Iggy!   

Am... 

Am I seeing things? 

Or... 

There's no time.
I have to go upstairs 

and reach Dio. 

Mourning can wait.   

 AVDOL: DECEASED
IGGY: DECEASED   

THE FOOL
IGGY   

Japan. 

Forty-three days have passed
since Jojo and crew began their journey. 

Stop the car, Rosas.   

I said, stop the car.   

SOBA AJIDOKORO   

Madam, you don't really intend
to visit that soba stand, do you?   

Of course I do!   

It's been so long
since I've been in Japan.   

I'd like a quick bite
before I go see my daughter.   

You! Hold my turtle for me.   

You mustn't, Madam!   

In Japan, these kinds
of establishments are frequented   

by common businessmen,
not by ladies like yourself.   

Madam Joestar, you mustn't.   

Oh, calm down. It's so quaint,
I have to record it.   

How utterly fantastic!   

Such local flavor...
Good!   

 NO VOMITING OR PEEING   

Mister Rosas.   

Have you told Madam
about her daughter Holly's condition?   

Over here, Rosas! Hurry!    

Coming, Madam!    

I haven't uttered a word.    

She came to Japan to visit Holly    

under the assumption
that she has pneumonia.    

I've worked for the Joestar family
for    years.    

And I've known Lady Holly
since she was in grade school.    

I know I have
to tell her the truth,    

but I don't have
the heart to tell her.    

Being in Japan hasn't changed that.    

Holly is at death's door.    

She has only a few days left.    

Would you like me to tell her, sir?    

No. I've been lying
to Madam Joestar long enough.    

I shall tell her myself.    

Is it true that Holly will be cured
if Dio is defeated?    

Yes, if we destroy him.    

Holly's body is reacting
to a certain energy known as a Stand. 

Only people with Stands
can observe the phenomenon. 

Put simply, Dio's evil energy
is slowing destroying her.    

Madam cannot see Stands.    

But she will see her only daughter
is in the final throes of death.    

You must tell Madam now.    

Throes of death?    

Rosas, what are you doing out here?    

Come have some curry udon with me.    

Madam, there's something
I must tell you.    

Oh! I must get some footage    

 of this fascinating
health-drink vending machine!    

Good!
Would you like one, Rosas?    

Madam, please stop!
Those are not drinks!    

Please listen to me, Madam!    

Oh? What is it?    

Well, it's about Lady Ho--    

Look at this Japanese man!
Such a unique fashion sense!    

Very nice!    

Good!    

Hello, give me a smile!    

What the hell?    

 Who gave you permission
to videotape me, huh?    

Madam, please get back in the car!    

Yay!    

Come back here, damn it!
Messing with me, huh?    

Gimme that camera!    

Who the hell are you?
Damn foreign hag!    

Looking to see some blood, bitch?
Huh?    

That's quite enough.    

I forbid you to lay a finger
on the Madam.    

Madam! You need to learn
a bit more about Japan!    

Okay.    

I couldn't tell her 

that Lady Holly
has only a few days left. 

To bear such sorrowful news.
To traumatize her so... 

We're almost here.
I still haven't told her. 

Soon we'll be in sight
of the Kujo house. 

I must tell her now. 

I must be the one to tell her! 

Rosas.    

I know there's something
you're trying to tell me.    

I know what's troubling you.    

My daughter's life
is in danger, isn't it?    

When I called her from New York,    

Holly would try to be cheerful
and pretend.    

She said it was just a cold.    

Joseph would always
call me on his trips,    

saying he was fine and very busy.    

But I knew...    

I knew something terrible
was happening    

to my daughter and husband.    

I've been married to him
for fifty years.    

She's my own flesh and blood.    

I was scared.    

I was scared of what I would find.    

I so much wanted
to see my daughter,    

but the thought of going to Japan
was too much.    

Since you are aware of the situation,
we will tell you the truth.    

Your daughter has only
a few more days to live.    

Mister Joestar and the others
traveled to Egypt    

to eliminate the source
of her illness,    

but we haven't heard
from them since.    

Please forgive me
for not telling you, Madam.    

There was nothing
we could do for Lady Holly,    

it was too difficult.    

It was so cruel!    

What kind of foolishness
is that, Rosas?    

There is one thing
we can do for Holly.    

Holly.    

Mother...    

Rosas, listen carefully. 

What we can do for my daughter
is believe. 

I don't understand
the whole picture, but I know    

if Joseph and my grandson, Jotaro,
are trying to save Holly,    

I will put my faith behind them.    

He has never let me down,    

not since the day we met
in Italy fifty years ago.    

If he says he's going
to do something, he will do it.    

Believe in Jotaro and your father.    

You'll get better, and our family
will be together again.    

Mother...    

Madam... Miss Holly...    

STAR PLATINUM
JOTARO KUJO    

Cool Ice, Billie Jean,
D'Arby Younger...    

I knew you were incompetent fools!    

I can't help but laugh!
Serves them right!    

Oh the satisfaction,
oh the sweet vindication!    

That's what they get
for calling me a loser.    

Guess who's the loser now!    

Pathetic loser.    

There's no way you can defeat
the Joestars with that power.    

Shut up and get out of the way.    

Hey! I want to fight them, too.    

You're just an ordinary vampire.    

Get in our way and we'll k*ll you.    

Behave yourself, loser.    

I'll be the one
who finishes off Jotaro!    

Stop! There's something up ahead,
to the right.    

It's a woman...    

Please have mercy!    

Please don't suck my blood!    

I'll do anything you want!
Just don't k*ll me, please!    

Hey, just wait a second.
Calm down.    

I swear I won't run away anymore!
Please, have mercy on my soul!    

Just calm down!    

We aren't Dio's minions,
and we aren't vampires.    

We're the good guys.    

We'll help you,
but you need to calm down.    

Good guys...    

Good guys? You're not the vampires?    

You're really going to help me?    

That's right. We're good.    

Good at defending justice.    

Sure, we'll help you.    

Help you go straight to Hell!    

Right, Kakyoin?    

This is impossible!
How did you do it?    

How did you figure it out?    

My power is impossible to cr*ck!    

Is your power having the face
of a woman on the back of your head?    

If you're going to flip your head,    

you should make sure
your hands match.    

Damn, you're right!    

I never noticed. Blast it!    

All right, loser.    

Tell us where's Dio's room.    

Jotaro, don't knock him out.
We need him to take us to Dio.    

Why, you...    

How dare you call me that?
I'll show you!    

I'll k*ll you!    

Lord Dio's blood flows through
my veins. I'm immortal!    

Oh? Did you just say
you were immortal?    

So you're a vampire just like Dio.    

Then let me test how immortal
you really are.    

You know, for future reference.    

Oh my God!    

I see. You really are immortal.    

Vampire or not, we can still tear you
into a million little pieces.    

Come on. Take us to Dio.
The sun's about to set.    

Okay. But may I ask you one thing?    

How did you know
they call me "loser"?    

Good grief.    

Nice curtains, Dio has.    

Now I can walk, even jump.    

It still hurts,
but now's not the time to fret.    

Finally, Polnareff.
We meet at last.    

Dio.    

At last you show yourself.    

So we finally meet, Dio. 

I don't have fond memories of them. 

I do not regret this journey. 

I'll tell you everything
that just happened. 

Not good.
Something here is not good! 

When did he bring out that Stand? 

I shall give you one chance.
At last you show yourself,  

Dio!  

Bravo, Polnareff.
You managed to avenge your sister  

while traveling all the way
from the Far East.  

To celebrate I shall gladly
take your life.  

I'll give you one chance.  

Descend two steps and live.  

I'll let you be my servant again.  

If you choose death,
rise forth to me.   

At our first encounter,
fear overcame me like a curse.   

I let myself submit to your evil.   

It was the beginning
of a futile existence.   

An existence more horrifying
than death itself.   

a life consumed by the sole desire
to do your bidding.   

But that fear is gone.   

The only thing that consumes me now
is a burning will to fight.   

In the    days since I first met
Mr. Joestar and the others,   

I've traveled the globe and watched
my friends die at my feet.   

I'll never be scared of you again.   

Are you sure about that?   

Then climb these stairs.   

Interesting, Polnareff.   

You've descended the stairs.   

So you do want to serve me,
after all.   

What?   

But I went up the stairs.
I'm positive...   

What's wrong?
You appear shaken, Polnareff.   

Could it be that you're scared?   

In your mind
you thought you stepped up,   

but perhaps your descent is a case
of fear overriding consciousness...   

That's impossible!
I know I just climbed the stairs!   

What did he do?
Is it his Stand? 

Could it be... 

Dio's Stand... 

The World? 

What is... 

 Polnareff, ever wonder
what the human soul desires most?   

It is human nature to want
to overcome anxiety and fear,   

to live free from worry.   

People seek fame,   

they control others,
they acquire wealth.   

All for a sense of security.   

Marriage and friendship is merely
a means of securing peace of mind.   

Humans say they wish
to help others,   

for the sake of love and justice.   

But this is only to settle
their own minds.   

The foremost desire
of the human psyche   

is to achieve a sense
of secure serenity.   

Why then would you
possibly hesitate in serving me?   

If you do my bidding,
all I speak of will be yours.   

Are you not afraid to challenge me?   

You know that your death
will be certain.   

It can't be!
Am I unconsciously submitting to him? 

You are a talented Stand user.   

It would be a shame to k*ll you.   

Betray Joestar and become
my everlasting assistant.   

I promise you unending peace.   

I must resist. 

Avdol, Iggy,
I need your courage! 

Cut the crap, Dio!   

I've already d*ed once.   

If I die trying to figure out   

your Stand's abilities,
then so be it!   

Then you leave me no choice.   

Prepare to die, Polnareff!   

Is that The World? Bring it!   

Futile!   

Mister Joestar!   

Don't worry, Polnareff.   

Dio!   

Was that Dio?   

Come on,
before he gets away!   

I have something
I have to tell you first.   

I saw him use his Stand,
but only for a moment.   

Or, well, I didn't so much
see it as feel it...   

I can't explain exactly.   

Look, here's what happened.   

I was climbing
the stairs toward him,   

when all of a sudden,
I was below where I started!   

I know it doesn't make any sense.   

I don't get it either.
I don't know what he did.   

I feel like I'm going crazy.   

And it wasn't some hypnosis trick
or feat of supersonic speed.   

It was a sense of something
wholly and completely terrifying.   

Where are Avdol and Iggy?   

They didn't make it.   

They d*ed trying to save me.   

I see.   

Mister Joestar, the sun is setting.   

We need to hurry.   

You're right.   

Hey, loser. What's upstairs?   

The towers.   

There's also a room at the top.   

It's Lord Dio's dwelling
during the day.   

Is there another staircase
to the tower?   

No. These stairs are it.   

Fine, lead the way.   

So that's him.    

We've never met, but I've known
about him my entire life.    

Yes. I've known him all along. 

Since the day I was born. 

The same goes for Jotaro. 

We'd hoped this day
would never come. 

But we always knew
we had to destroy him. 

As Joestars we knew, 

one day, we would have
to come face-to-face with him. 

I have no regrets. 

About the journey I've made,
or what's about to unfold. 

I accept it all.
To me, it's never been clearer. 

This feeling. I feel embraced
by lightness, by good. 

Dio is the absence of light.
The void. 

Joseph and Jotaro are my light. 

My body is battered,
but I have no fear. 

I have goodness, the light,
by my side! 

We att*ck when he steps
out of the coffin.    

Be ready.    

Who knows what's in there.    

Loser, open the coffin.    

Lord Dio, I swear,
I haven't betrayed you.    

I led them here because I know
you will dispose of them.    

I'm certain of it!    

As certain as a man wets himself
when pissing in the wind.    

Please understand!    

Shut up and open the coffin!    

Please, oh please,
k*ll these bastards,    

Lord Dio!    

Get ready, this is it!    

Huh?    

Me?    

Why am I inside?    

-But I was opening the coffin!
-What?    

How?    

I never took my eyes off him!    

Did any one of you see
the loser get in    

or get placed in the coffin?    

No. I was watching
the whole time,    

and then, suddenly,
he was inside!    

Polnareff's right!    

This isn't a mind trick.
And it's not super speed!    

sh*t.    

This isn't some game!    

Run for it!    

Damn it!    

What are you doing, Polnareff?    

Damn it!    

What was that?    

I couldn't see it, but I could
sense it is far more powerful    

than any Stand we've ever
come across before.    

It was like knowing
a bulldozer is behind you    

just from the sound of its engine.    

I sensed it, too.
That insane lust to k*ll us!    

It felt like someone shoved
an icicle straight up my ass!    

If we hadn't escaped,
we would've all been k*lled!    

This is bad... This is really bad.    

The sun's almost below
the horizon!    

Darkness is Dio's domain.
He has the advantage now.    

Don't tell me you're planning
to retreat until dawn.    

Listen, Mister Joestar!    

I'm not running away now
with my tail between my legs!    

I'm with you, Polnareff.    

Listen, I agree with both you.
But the tables have turned on us.    

We may've encountered
his Stand, The World,    

but we have no clue
as to what it can do.    

It's like climbing a mountain    

without knowing the route
or knowing where the summit is.    

Fighting him now would be
a guaranteed disaster!    

It's as inevitable as burping
after drinking cola!    

We know Dio will come after us!    

He'll try to finish us off
before sunrise!    

In the meantime,    

we can figure out the true extent
of his Stand's powers.    

We need to wait
for that opportunity.    

No! I can't run!    

Avdol and Iggy d*ed
because of me!    

I'll fight dirty.    

I'll go to Hell and back.
I'll do whatever it takes to destroy Dio.    

But I won't run away!    

Wait, Polnareff!    

Forget it, old man.
It's no use when he's like this.    

Jotaro, what do you think
we should do?    

Polnareff is going after Dio
to fight him.    

We're retreating,
but we'll also be fighting him.    

Which means,    

we'll att*ck from both sides.    

Hey, you.    

We want to buy your truck.
Sell it to us.    

What'd you say?
This baby's my bread and butter!    

What're you...    

I'm flooring it, Kakyoin!    

So, Dio, you finally show yourself!    

Run away until dawn?
Like hell I will!    

I'll settle this on my own!    

I don't know how Dio's Stand works,
but it doesn't matter.    

I'll find a way to defeat him!    

I'll assassinate him!    

Not so fast, Polnareff!    

I told them we need to let you go    

'cause it's no use trying
to convince stubborn guys like you.    

But the old man and Kakyoin
insisted I stick with you,    

so here I am.    

Jotaro!    

Good grief.    

THE WORLD
DIO    

Ah, the automobile...    

Such impressive power and speed.    

In my youth, all we had were
horse-drawn carriages.    

Hold it right there!
What do you think you're doing?    

This car belongs
to U.S. Senator Mr. Phillips!    

Wanna puke out your eyes?    

My, my... Young people these days.
So full of piss and vinegar.    

Ow!    

Hold your tongue and proceed
to the front seat. It's time to drive.    

Who the hell are you?    

Do you think you can
get away with this?    

That's right, this is unforgivable! 

No one gets away with doing
something like this to me. 

I was valedictorian
in high school and college! 

I was captain
of my college wrestling team! 

Even after graduation,
people respected me. 

That's how I became a politician! 

I'm owner of a villa
on a thousand-acre plot of land in Hawaii! 

My wife is a gorgeous model
twenty-five years my junior! 

I pay fifty times more taxes
than anyone in this town! 

I destroyed every enemy
who's every stood in my way! 

And someday,
I'll become president. 

I'm Senator Phillips, dammit! 

You listen to me, punk!    

I'll make sure you rot in prison!    

You hear me? You'll live the rest
of your life behind bars--    

I'll say it one more time.    

Drive.    

What is this guy?
He's going to k*ll me! 

If I don't get out of here,
he'll k*ll me! 

Someone help--    

What?    

What?    

I thought I jumped out of the car,
so why...    

Why am I back in the car?    

Why am I back inside?    

Catch up to that truck.    

Fail and I'll k*ll you.    

Yes, sir.    

Why am I still inside? Why? 

Ah, of course!
It's because I'm a senator! 

There's nothing
a senator can't do! 

I can still sense Dio's sinister,
foreboding bloodlust.    

He's after us.    

I know he's following us!    

Does Dio know
your precise location?    

No. He stole the body
of my grandfather, Jonathan Joestar.    

I can sense his body somehow,    

but I can only tell
that he's close by.    

I can't pinpoint
his exact location.    

The same way
I could tell he was in Cairo,    

but I couldn't narrow down
the precise location of his lair.    

All he knows is
that Jotaro and I are nearby.    

But he can't tell the difference
between us.    

Most likely he hasn't realized
that we've split up.    

That's strange.    

Cars always start up
when they do this in the movies.    

It's a traffic jam.    

The evening commute
is always like this.    

Keep going.    

But there's nowhere to go.    

There's plenty of room
on the sidewalk. Go.    

The sidewalk?    

It's covered with people
heading home from work!    

I don't care. Go.    

Yes, sir!    

-Step on it.
-Yes, sir!    

Okay, it's running.
Get on, Polnareff.    

Right...    

See what I do for you!    

You'll spare me...    

You'll spare this senator's life
now, won't you?    

No.    

That's it! This is a dream! 

I'm a senator.
There's no way I could die. 

It's a dream! A dream! Hooray! 

There they are.
Catch up. Get closer.    

I can't use The World
unless I'm close to them.    

He's getting closer.
It's that car! Dio's in there!    

Kakyoin!    

Kakyoin's...    

Take this, Dio! Emerald Splash!    

Incredible!    

He deflected my att*ck
with one finger.    

And all while sitting
perfectly still!    

Then what about this?    

I concentrated the Splash,
but he still dodged it.    

Damn!    

When did he bring out his Stand?    

How could I've missed that?    

He's too far away.    

He flew out of The World's range.    

What's happening?    

And what would I get
by telling you?    

Pay attention to the road
and drive.    

Careful, Kakyoin!
You're too close!    

Forgive me. I didn't...    

I remember a few months ago
when he said to me, 

"Are you really going
to vomit out of fear?" 

"Relax, Kakyoin, relax..." 

Bastard! Never again!
I won't lose again! 

Kakyoin, are you all right?    

Did you catch a glimpse
of The World?    

Yes. I att*cked him
from around ten meters away.    

If I had gotten any closer,
I would have been done for.    

It's clear his Stand holds
a power more horrific    

than we could ever imagine.    

We may not know its secret,
but we do know two things:    

First, his Stand can't reach
as far as my Hierophant Green 

or your Hermit Purple. 

It's a close-range power Stand,
like Star Platinum, 

and has a range
of about ten meters. 

Second,
it att*cked me with its fist, 

so it doesn't use
projectile w*apon like b*ll*ts. 

If we can sneak up on him
and get within ten meters,    

we might have a chance.    

 We have to figure out his secret,
but we also need to proceed carefully.    

We can't be
too careful with Dio.    

Something's up.
His car stopped.    

Watch out!
Something's hurtling this way!    

Mister Joestar!    

What are you doing, Kakyoin?    

I've got it.    

I know how to find the secret
of his Stand.    

I wonder why I get goosebumps
when I think about Avdol and Iggy. 

Perhaps because
they were the first friends 

I shared a common goal with. 

This journey to defeat Dio. 

Show me your Stand, Dio!
What are you doing, Kakyoin?  

I've got it.  

I know how to find the secret
of his Stand.  

What?  

For Noriaki Kakyoin,
Hierophant Green is a reminder. 

It's about Noriaki. 

He makes no attempt to socialize
with the other children.  

It's not that he's disliked.  

He seems rather reserved;
too reserved, in fact.   

As his teacher,
I'm very concerned.   

I'm ashamed to say,   

but I'm afraid
I don't understand it either.   

It was always the same loop of thoughts
running through my head: 

We all live in cities,
and meet all sorts of people. 

But how often do we make
a genuine human connection? 

All of my classmates'
have address books 

filled with their friends' names. 

Each one of them must have
a book of fifty, 

maybe one hundred names. 

Mom has dad, and dad has mom. 

But I'm different. 

I'm sure rock stars
and TV celebrities 

have tens of thousands of friends. 

But I'm different. 

I'll never have any friends. 

No one will ever get me.
No one can see Hierophant Green. 

How can I relate to someone
who can't see the real me? 

That's how I used to think. 

Until I met Mr. Joestar, Jotaro,
Polnareff, and Avdol. 

Why does the mere thought
of Avdol and Iggy 

make the hairs on my back
stand on end? 

I know.
It's because they're 

the first people
who treated me like a friend. 

Our goal to defeat Dio, together. 

Our journey
may've been short-lived, 

but we grew to be true friends. 

For Noriaki Kakyoin,
Hierophant Green was a revelation! 

I'll make Hierophant Green
the way it used to be. 

Invisible to everyone! 

I'll make Hierophant imperceptible
to reveal Dio's secret 

before finishing him off for good! 

 EPISODE   : DIO'S WORLD, PART     

 Look, Jotaro!   

The cars are totaled!   

Up there.   

The old man and Dio are up
on the roof.   

I see only Kakyoin and Joseph
before me.   

Interesting.   

They split up to att*ck me
from both sides.   

Jotaro and Polnareff must be coming
after me from behind.   

Futile.   

This is...   

Kakyoin's Hierophant Green!   

He turned it into a web?   

-This is...
-That's right!   

The web fires on contact.   

And it has you completely surrounded
for    meters in every direction!   

I can sense you
and your Stand's every move!   

Take this, Dio!
Twenty-meter radius Emerald Splash!   

You fool. Find out for yourself.   

The true power of The World   

is the power to rule the world!   

Show me your Stand, Dio! 

The World!   

What? Kakyoin!   

Something just sent him
hurtling through the air!   

But how?   

Kakyoin!   

What just happened? 

Did he get me? 

It's no use. It must be fatal. 

I can't speak
or even move my finger. 

It's  :  . 

And midnight in Japan. 

I wonder what mom and dad
are doing. 

I suppose they're already asleep. 

I'm sorry for causing you
so much worry. 

Noriaki Kakyoin's last thoughts were not
of his parents back in Japan. 

Now his parental musings
had given way to the single question 

that bewildered him
more than any other. 

I can sense any movement
within Hierophant Green's web. 

But Dio managed to break
the entire web in one moment. 

Not one strand at a time, 

but all of them at once. 

Without even a ten-thousandth
of a second difference. 

How did he instantaneously shatter
an entire   -meter-radius area? 

How? 

Not even a slight delay... 

How all at once? 

How? 

Kakyoin!   

Enough! Hermit...   

Joseph, you're next.   

For Jonathan's body to finally
become completely mine,   

I must drink the blood
of a Joestar.   

Now's as good a time as any,
don't you think?   

Dio!   

Why all at once?
Without the slightest delay in time... 

Time... 

Time... 

The time! 

I got it. 

How could this be?
There's no other explanation. 

I have to tell
the others somehow! 

The disturbing reality
behind his ability. 

I have to tell Mr. Joestar. 

Otherwise, everyone will... 

die. 

You're not getting away with this!    

I'll take that body back,
for Granny Erina!    

Erina? That country bumpkin?    

Nonsense.    

I predict I drink all of your blood.
Then you die.    

Joseph Joestar!    

Die!    

My last Emerald Splash...    

A final pointless att*ck?    

Behold, a "hero"
in the throes of death...    

I suppose that was
his last pathetic attempt    

to make his mark on the world.    

No! 

Kakyoin would never
just throw in the towel 

with some meaningless att*ck. 

Why did he strike the clock? 

What does it mean? 

Was he trying to tell me something? 

It's a message. 

I have nothing left... 

Mister Joestar... 

You must understand. 

You must tell the others. 

Kakyoin!    

Noriaki Kakyoin
d*ed that moment. 

 NORIAKI KAKYOIN
DECEASED    

Hermit Purple!    

Prepare yourself, Dio!    

Hamon of the Sun!    

You senile old fool!
Your Stand is the weakest of all!    

You're not escaping me!    

Kakyoin,
why did you destroy the clock? 

You were trying
to tell me something 

by aiming for the clock tower,
weren't you? 

It must mean something! 

It's Mr. Joestar!    

And Dio's chasing him.    

Where's Kakyoin?    

Did you, Kakyoin, 

in the face of death,
figure out the secret of his Stand? 

Destroying the clock
with Emerald Splash. 

Destroying the clock's hands. 

Stopping the clock. 

Impossible! Dio's Stand... 

The power of The World...    

It can stop time!    

Take this, Dio!
Twenty-meter radius Emerald Splash!    

The World!    

Behold The World.    

Since time is stopped for you,
you likely see and feel nothing.    

Die, Kakyoin!    

You don't even know
you're about to die.    

You have no knowledge
of what has just occurred.    

I got it, Kakyoin!    

Your dying message... I got it!    

 HERMIT PURPLE
JOSEPH JOESTAR    

A Stand that can freeze time?    

Freeze time and still move freely
within space?    

That's unbelievable!    

A Stand like that,
can anyone b*at it?    

Calm down and think! 

The word "panic"
isn't in my vocabulary. 

I will find a way... 

I will find a way to defeat him! 

He's gone!    

What's the matter?    

Aren't you going to hit me, Dio?    

I thought you were going
to drink my blood.    

So you're running Hamon through
your body to protect yourself.    

You've wrapped your body
with Hamon-infused Hermit Purple,    

like a cloak of high-voltage wires.    

Very resourceful.
Truly a geriatric genius.    

Same to you.    

You figured out I was using Hamon
and made sure not to touch me.    

Perceptive son of a...    

But I figured one thing out
about your Stand.    

You can stop time,
but only for a short while.    

Only about three to four seconds,
I'd say.    

If you could stop time longer,    

you would've already k*lled us
back at your mansion,    

and you wouldn't have had
to come after us.    

So you understand
The World's ability?    

Kudos, Joseph.    

It was Kakyoin who figured it out.    

Kakyoin didn't die in vain!    

And so what?    

So what if you know my ability?    

What can your pathetic Hamon do?    

-Hermit Purple and Hamon!
-Enough!    

I can k*ll you without touching
the Hamon!    

Hey, look.    

Some old man fell out of the sky!    

I bet he's Santa Claus!    

What were you doing on the roof?    

Looking for pretty girls below?    

Old man!    

Jotaro! Stay back!    

Don't come near me!    

Jotaro... Such good timing.    

But he's still out of my range.    

I'll finish Joseph off first.    

Jotaro! The World controls time!    

It's a Stand that can stop ti--    

The World!    

In the beginning, I could stop time
only long enough to blink.    

But as my neck began to heal,    

I was able to stop time
for two seconds, then three.    

Now I can stop time
for as long as five seconds.    

Then again, time is stopped,    

so all I can say is that it feels
like five seconds.    

Soon I'll be able to stop time
for one minute...    

Then ten minutes, an hour...    

And later, as long as I desire!    

How fun it will be.    

Being able to stop time
to my heart's content...    

Oh, I almost forgot.    

Joseph's protecting his body
with Hamon.    

Hamon was a thorn in my side
one hundred years ago,    

but it's powerless
against The World.    

Futile!    

Joseph, grandson of Jonathan,    

you're dead!    

One...    

Zero.    

THE WORLD
DIO    

Old man!    

Stay back! Run... Jotaro...    

Don't get near him.    

Keep your...    

distance...    

Stay away from him...    

He's... invincible...    

I've already taken care of Kakyoin.    

Polnareff must be hiding somewhere.    

But it doesn't matter.    

You're next, Jotaro!    

You bastard.    

Dio!    

Oh? So you want to fight?    

Instead of running,
you're moving in closer.    

How ungrateful. And after
your dear grandfather, Joseph,    

gave his life to tell you
the power of The World.    

He was so desperate,
like a pathetic student struggling    

to fill in the last few answers of a test
as the final seconds tick by...    

I can't b*at you to a pulp
from far away.    

Oh, then approach as you must.    

You're slow! The World
is the most powerful Stand.    

The World's speed and power
far outmatches your Star Platinum,    

regardless
of its time-stopping ability.    

Your Stand is similar
to my Star Platinum.    

We don't have long range,    

but we have incredible
power and precision.    

I always wanted to see
how much stronger    

The World is than Star Platinum.    

Though it seems pointless
even to compare.    

You wanted to compare?    

All you did
was pat me on the leg.    

Well, I guess you did rip
my   ,   -yen pants, though.    

Why are you Joestars so stubborn?    

You can never admit defeat,
can you?    

Fine, I'll accept your provocation
and resume our comparison.    

A comparison of punching speed, eh?    

Futile!    

I first experienced stopped time
half a year ago. 

It began when everything around me
seemed to have stopped. 

It will be The World's true power
that deals the final blow! 

The World, stop time!
Futile!  

Futile!  

So I was right.  

The World's speed and power
far exceeds anything  

in your pathetic repertoire of tricks!  

Enough play. I am content.  

I will finish you with a single blow!  

I swore I would never again
show mercy  

to any descendant of the Joestars.
You must all die swiftly!   

The World's true power
will finish you for all eternity!   

The World! Stop time!   

The World!   

Futile!   

 EPISODE   : DIO'S WORLD, PART     

And now, the Joestar line ends here.   

Oh, perennial nemesis
and fateful burden...   

I bid thee farewell!   

Wha...   

What?   

He just moved!   

He... Impossible!   

His finger just moved!   

Could it be?   

They're the same?   

It's the same type of Stand
as Star Platinum.   

The World and Star Platinum
are the same type of Stand?   

Jotaro, can you see me?   

Or are you moving
your hand unconsciously?   

Time's up.   

Could you see me?   

I asked if you could see me, Jotaro!   

See what?   

I don't know
what you're talking about, Dio.   

Fine! Have it your way!   

When time is standing still,
your ability to see me is irrelevant!   

If you can move like The World does,   

then show me!   

The first time I managed
to stop time was six months ago. 

To test my Stand's power and speed, 

I ordered my servant to fire
his g*n in my direction. 

As I reached to grab a b*llet, 

for a split second,
it looked as if time had stood still. 

That's when it all began. 

Perhaps I was seeing things, I thought. 

Is this the sensation
of an elite boxer witnessing 

his opponent's punches
lingering in midair? 

Has my sense of time slowed,
like a victim watching 

his fate unfold moments when
a second feels like an eternity. 

But my Stand, The World,
was able to move between 

the hovering b*ll*ts
suspended in time... 

and grasp them! 

It was no illusion! 

Lord Dio!   

One day,
you will dominate time!   

You must believe that   

you can move amid the realm
of frozen time!   

It must be like breathing.   

Or like snapping an HB pencil
between your fingers!   

You must believe
it's completely ordinary.   

What's important is that
you believe you can do it.   

You must have the mental fortitude
to push aside your doubts!   

You are the ruler of this world!   

Controlling time is second nature!   

Then one day, 

I sensed the wheels of time
and The World interlock. 

Like a ray of light dispersing
the shadows, 

a revelation befell me.
My mind was never clearer. 

I, Dio, have surpassed
all living things, all Stand users!   

Now I can stop time
for five seconds.   

And day by day,
that time will grow longer!   

Jotaro!   

Now I shall see
just how powerful you truly are!   

The World! Stop time!   

You planted a magnet on me.   

He must have attached it to my sleeve
when we were exchanging blows.   

It looks like a wallet magnet
or a magnet from a pocket planner.   

You had me fooled.   

Very clever indeed.   

But...   

a trick like this just proves   

you can't move while time
is standing still!   

You only postponed your death
by a few seconds!   

This time, you will...   

die, Jotaro!   

What?   

He... can really move!   

Only momentarily, but he can!   

The magnet wasn't so
I would think he could move...   

It was so I would think he couldn't move!
It was a trick to lure me in!   

You must believe
it's completely ordinary! 

To think that one of the Joestars
could inv*de my domain... 

It is infuriating! 

I was able to move for a second...
Just a second.   

But...   

Good grief.   

Just enough time for one punch.   

You. Woman.   

Go fetch me my leg.   

Bring it to me now!    

Imagine you're a flight attendant
bringing wine and caviar    

to a passenger in first class!    

But it seems
I'll have to blow your head off    

to do any real damage.    

Looks like you've already recovered.    

That gaping hole I opened in
your gut has healed over.    

Your eyes followed me
while time was at a standstill.    

You can see me moving,
can you, Jotaro?    

Thanks to him.    

Kakyoin did you quite the favor.    

Because he figured out
The World's secret,    

you knew I can stop time,    

and then you learned how to do it.    

Which makes me wonder...    

Exactly how long can you move
while time is frozen?    

Two seconds? Three?    

Or perhaps, like me,
you can move five seconds,    

but you're just pretending
that you can't move longer?    

Well?    

This isn't good. 

I could probably move longer
with some practice, 

but right now,
the best I can do is a second. 

I speculate you can move
for only a single second.    

Still, you have managed
to infiltrate my world.    

Only a fool would risk
approaching you now.    

My advantage over you
is overwhelming, yes, but...    

Jotaro, I've devised a way
to execute you    

regardless of how long
you can move!    

You've grown pale.    

These knives must bring
back memories, no?    

You know you're going
to die a death    

even more terrible than
that pathetic old man Joseph.    

Bastard! 

How the hell does he come up
with stuff like this? 

This is really bad. 

You can't escape!    

The World!    

Five seconds!    

Once time resumes,    

can your Star Platinum really
deflect all of the knives?    

Four seconds!    

It must be terrifying
to helplessly gaze upon    

the agent of your imminent death!    

Three seconds.    

Just two more seconds.
Is that all you can do?    

That is the proof
of your short-lived abilities.    

One second.    

Zero.    

It's over.    

And one more just in case.    

To be frank,    

I'm relieved that I could defeat you
so quickly, Jotaro.    

I never would have thought
you would infiltrate my perfect world.    

I suppose a fitting analogy is
the automobile.    

Those moving machines are useful,    

but only when the roads
are not clogged with them.    

The master of time must be me,
and me alone.    

Good grief.    

Throw enough knives?    

He had to go and turn my favorite uniform
into Swiss cheese.    

Glad I stuffed my clothes
with magazines. 

I figured he'd try throwing
something at me 

but that many was a surprise. 

My best bet now is to play possum 

and wait for a chance to strike. 

I've got to smash his head in
and destroy his brains 

or he'll never die. 

As they say,
one can never be too careful.    

The Joestars have always enjoyed
uncommonly auspicious luck.    

He may very well be playing dead.    

I have to make sure
he is completely devoid of life!    

I'll use this...    

to chop off his head!    

Prepare for your final blow...    

Jotaro!    

Die, Dio!    

Polnareff! 

The World!
Time is stopped.    

So it's you, Polnareff?    

And time resumes.    

Such a shame, Polnareff.    

Just a split second more,    

and with just a bit more oomph,    

you could have jostled my brain
into a mess of scrambled eggs.    

Bastard! This can't be...    

It's impossible to k*ll me.    

After I'm through with you,    

Joestar's Merry Tour of Egypt
will come to a tragic end.    

Damn it. 

At this rate,
Polnareff's going to end up dead. 

I was going to play dead
until the last moment possible 

before landing a critical blow
to his cranium, but... 

saving Polnareff would be easy. 

But he won't come within range
of Star Platinum. 

It'll end up just like last time. 

I can't let him know I'm alive. 

As long as he thinks I'm dead, 

I'll still have a chance
to get close to him. 

It's kind of twisted. 

One minute I'm trying to move
while time has stopped, 

and the next
I'm trying to stay completely still. 

Farewell, Polnareff!    

Jotaro... 

Is he alive
or is he regaining consciousness?    

Freeze! Police!    

Try anything and we'll sh**t!    

Now put up your hands slowly.    

Ah, what perfect timing.    

There's someone I'd like you to sh**t.    

It's that man lying over there.    

sh**t his leg, his torso,
whatever you please.    

Come on. Be sure you hit him.    

I thought I heard Jotaro
make a sound    

or was it my imagination?    

That sick bastard... 

But now his attention is on me,
not Polnareff. 

He's more than suspicious. 

Now he's gonna make
doubly sure I'm dead. 

It's only going to get worse
from here. 

Is he breathing?    

No, I don't hear respiration.
He's not breathing.    

Then a heartbeat?    

sh*t, this hurts like a... 

If I black out,
I'll never come back. 

If I die because I used
my Stand to stop my heart, 

now that's sick irony... 

No heartbeat.
He really is dead.    

His being alive was just
a figment of my imagination.    

I'd better behead him
for peace of mind, just in case.    

You won't mind right, Jotaro?    

What?    

Stop time!    

The World!    

You put me through hell back there.    

I'll be damned if I let you try
to stop the clock again,    

let alone escape with
your skull intact... Dio.    

What? It can't be...    

Finally...    

Finally, I got to run my fist
into his skull.    

But that shithead Dio    

lived at the bottom of the sea
for over a century.    

I can't be sure
that bastard's croaked.    

This is no time to celebrate.    

I'll m*rder you.    

What? But how?
No! My legs...    

I can't move my legs.    

I can't stand up!    

 My head! The excruciating pain...
I think I'm going to vomit.    

 How could this happen?
Me, Dio, feel sick?    

 He damaged my brain.
I can't move my legs!    

Blast it! I've got to...    

 I've doused you with gasoline
so I can sniff you out.    

 I hate to kick a guy
when he's down, but...    

 well, actually I don't give a damn.    

 It's because of you
that my friends    

 and countless innocent bystanders
are dead.    

The World!    

If I can...    

If I can just make it there...    

And now, time will start again.    

 He had his ear
to the ground listening for cars.    

But...    

I can't let him get away!    

Just a little farther!    

I'm almost there.    

Sorry, spot's taken.
You're not getting away.    

Give it up, Dio.    

The World!    

You fell for it, Jotaro!    

This is my escape route!    

I, Dio, have outsmarted you!    

Doesn't this street look familiar?    

This street... It can't be...    

That's right.    

My escape route is to drink the blood
of your grandfather, Joseph Joestar!    

Dio, you bastard!    

Jotaro... 

This trip was truly fun, wasn't it? 

Joestar blood suits me so well! 

This is the greatest high! 

There's one simple answer. 

You're going to...
As I expected...  

Joseph's blood suits me well.  

It feels absolutely perfect
in this body,  

so much richer and rejuvenating
than that which came before!  

It feels so good...  

So incredibly good!  

One hundred years ago, this body
belonged to Jonathan Joestar.  

And now, with these very hands,  

I have feasted on the blood
of his grandson, Joseph!   

And you are the one who has
so thoughtfully led me here, Jotaro.   

The Joestar family has always been
an unsightly nuisance to me,   

like the roadside excrement left
by some mangy mutt.   

In the end,   

it appears that the Joestars
are fated to serve me.   

Old man... 

Old man.   

From here on...   

No matter what Dio tries
to do to my body,   

never lose your cool.
Never succumb to rage, Jotaro.   

Don't worry about me.   

It was meant to be.   

Could that be
the old man's soul?   

Kakyoin solved the secret
behind Dio's Stand.   

And I passed it on to you.   

If we had all fought Dio together
in one single moment,   

none of us would be alive.   

You've learned to move
while time is frozen.   

You have two or three seconds now.   

Use that time wisely.   

No matter what Dio does,
don't lose your head.   

It'll only backfire if you lose
self-control and att*ck.   

Jotaro...   

What a journey it's been.   

My boy, we had quite
the adventure.   

These last fifty days.   

We managed to have our fun,
didn't we?   

Call me crazy,
but I've never had more fun in my life.   

Was I seeing things?   

Hey!   

What are you looking at, Jotaro?   

You damn bastard.   

I've sucked him dry!   

Old man, I know you told me
to keep my cool. 

But he just crossed the line. 

There's not a man on earth
who could stay calm after seeing that!   

This is the final round!   

The World!   

Futile!   

 EPISODE   : LONG JOURNEY
FAREWELL, MY FRIENDS   

 The World! Stop time!   

Wry!   

One second! Two seconds.   

Three seconds! Four...   

Five seconds.   

Six seconds.   

Seven seconds!   

I can feel it!
I have power to spare!   

I can still stop time!   

But you, Jotaro,   

I know you can't move any longer.   

So you gambled
on getting me two seconds   

before time resumed, huh?   

You've miscalculated.   

I feel invigorated!   

I could sing!   

Eight seconds!   

I've been immortal
for an entire century,   

but I've never felt so good!   

The blood of the Joestars surges
through my vines!   

This is the greatest high known
to man!   

Old man,
guess you were right. 

My temper just got me
in a whole mess of trouble. 

But you know what? 

He still hasn't felt
the full brunt of my rage! 

Nine seconds!   

I was able to stop time
for nine seconds!   

Perhaps this is my limit.   

You bastard! 

Now to unleash
all of my Stand's power!   

Jotaro! You mumbled something
about being angry.   

Is this all you've got?   

Futile!   

And now, without further ado,
the k*lling blow!   

This is the ultimate,
my final dance with time!   

In the next nine seconds,
while time is suspended,   

you shall die!   

The World!   

One second.   

Two seconds.   

Three seconds.   

Jotaro had no idea.
He didn't understand why Dio 

had disappeared amidst
the standstill of time. 

Four seconds.   

Jotaro gave up pondering. 

No matter what Dio's plans, 

no matter what att*ck
he attempts to unleash, 

Jotaro had only two seconds
to respond. 

Only two seconds to drive
Star Platinum's fists into Dio, 

once and for all! 

Five seconds.    

All I know is that the next time
I see that god damned face, 

I'm gonna freakin lose it! 

Six seconds.    

Bring it, Dio! 

Seven seconds.    

Take this steam roller!    

It's too late!
It's impossible escape!    

Futile!    

Futile!    

Eight seconds!    

I'll obliterate you!    

Nine seconds.    

I did it.    

It's over.    

The World has defeated
Star Platinum!    

I am immortal!
I am everlasting!    

Stand power!    

This proves that no one is
stronger than me, Dio!    

Pathetic humans!
I shall rule over all of you forever!    

Bow before my wisdom and power!    

Ten seconds!    

And with that,
I can stop time for ten seconds!    

Now, then...    

I suppose I should inspect Jotaro's
lifeless body and drink his blood.    

If there's any blood left to savor!    

What?    

My body's slowing down.    

No... I'm not slowing down.    

I can't move. No!    

My body won't move at all!    

Dio!    

It's been eleven seconds.    

Guess that's your limit.    

What? 

I stopped time at nine seconds.    

And got out
from beneath that roller.    

Good grief.    

Now...    

It won't take even a second
to finish you off!    

Jotaro!    

THE WORLD
DIO    

This can't be happening!
You stopped time?    

You waited for me to use up
my nine seconds.    

How does it feel, Dio?    

Having your archenemy tower behind you
while you stand frozen and helpless?    

I guess it's kinda like underwater diving
while holding your breath.    

Your air runs out, you swim
to the surface, desperate for air...    

And when you finally make it
to the water's edge,    

ready to take a gulp
of that glorious, fresh air,    

you feel a tug,
and are yanked back down into the deep.    

Sound about right?    

But I don't feel sorry
for you at all.    

Time is moving again.    

Compassion is something
you'll never get from me.    

I have zero sympathy
for your sorry ass.    

Then again,
k*lling you while you're helpless    

would leave a bad taste
in my mouth.    

How long will it take
for you to heal?    

Three seconds? Four seconds?    

The second your legs
are ready for action,    

Star Platinum will smash your head
all over the pavement.    

Bring it!    

If this were the Wild West,
this is when the hero would say...    

"Draw! You've got one sh*t."    

How dare... 

he mock me? 

Oh... But Jotaro, 

at this eleventh hour, 

you can't help but utter
such a human declaration. 

You think like a true mortal,
cursed with a fleeting life. 

A bad taste in your mouth? 

Are you afraid you'd regret it? 

Your reasoning is as pathetic as 

a rat dropping in the corner
of a bathroom stall. 

Your foolish honor
will be your demise! 

I, on the other hand,
think differently. 

All I have on my mind
is one simple goal. 

Just one! 

To dominate! Nothing more. 

That is my fulfillment! 

How I do it... 

doesn't matter!    

How'd you like a little blood
in your eyes?    

I win! Die!    

Wha...    

What?    

Impossible! I'm Dio!    

I'm Dio!    

When the sun rises,
you'll return to dust.    

You made one mistake, Dio.    

Just one mistake.    

You pissed me off.    

 DIO... THE WORLD
ANNIHILATED. DECEASED    

This is Speed Wagon
Foundation Car Two.    

We're traveling northbound on
the Al-Nil Expressway.    

And we've retrieved Dio's remains.    

I repeat.
We've retrieved Dio's remains.    

Dio's body is showing
cellular activity. 

He must be exposed to sunlight
as soon as possible. 

Proceed with extreme caution! 

Take every precaution necessary. 

Roger.    

Noriaki Kakyoin is dead. 

We are transporting his body
via helicopter. 

Jean Pierre Polnareff
is unconscious. 

The medical staff of Car One
has taken him into their care. 

Roger.    

Car Two, I have a question... 

Why have you placed
the remains of Dio 

and Joseph Joestar
into the same car? 

Because it's not over.    

-Dio borrowed something from us.
-Huh?    

And we need it back.    

I'm afraid I don't follow.    

A blood transfusion between
the two bodies, can you do it?    

Are you suggesting
we transfuse Dio's blood    

into Mr. Joestar's corpse?    

To bring Mr. Joestar back to life?    

Dio drained his blood
only minutes ago.    

Dio's upper half is gone,
but we'll take what we can.    

I think we can still make it.    

Did you hear that? Over.    

Roger... 

It's impossible!
He doesn't have a pulse.    

His heart has stopped.    

We can't circulate his blood
without a working heart!    

Impossible?    

Just about everything
on this journey has been impossible.    

I'm sick of hearing words
like "impossible" or "futile."    

They mean nothing to us.    

You said you can do it
if his heart's b*ating, right?    

Well, you're in luck.    

Thanks to Dio,    

I've already had some practice
with stopping and starting hearts.    

I hear a pulse!    

His heart's b*ating!    

Hurry! Extract the blood
from Dio's corpse    

and transfuse it to Joseph!    

This just might work!    

Look!    

His skin is regaining its color!    

His lifeless flesh is softening
and filling out!    

Brain activity!
We have brain activity!    

I don't believe it!
His vitals are good!    

His eyes! He opened his eyes!    

We did it! He's back!    

Old man?    

You're a fool, Jotaro!    

Don't freakin tell me...    

You've single-handedly
resurrected yours truly!    

You bastard!    

Wait, Jotaro! I'm kidding!
Kidding! I'm just kidding!    

Just kidding! It was a joke!    

I'm sorry!
I was just messing with you.    

I swear it's me!    

Joseph Joestar.
Born September   th,     .    

Wife's Suzie Q.
I collect comics as a hobby!    

Who's the leading actress
in the      film Tarzan, the Ape Man? 

Bo Derek.    

Who sang "Eat It",
the spoof of "b*at It"?    

"Weird Al" Yankovic.    

Good grief. I guess it is you.    

Only you would know
pointless crap like that.    

This is Car Two. It's unbelievable!    

Mr. Joestar is awake!    

Mr. Joestar has come back
from the brink!    

It's a miracle! Over!    

We've taken back what's ours,    

Dio.    

It's over.    

 Dio took something from all of us.    

 For the past hundred years,    

he's taken whatever he wanted.    

He's taken far too much.    

 Yeah.
Things we can never get back.    

The loss is as vast as this planet.    

But thanks to their sacrifices,    

we stand here today.    

Kakyoin. 

Iggy. 

Avdol. 

It's over. 

So you're really going back
to France, huh, Polnareff?    

But your family's gone.    

 Why don't you come stay
with us in New York?    

Mister Joestar, they may be gone,
but France is my home.    

It's filled with my memories.    

It's a place
I must always return to.    

 If you ever need anything, call me.    

 I'll find you, wherever you may be.    

We're gonna miss you.    

It sure wasn't easy,    

but I had one hell of a time.    

Thanks to you guys.    

Yeah.    

We're a team.
We'll always be.    

Calling passengers
of France International Airlines 

Flight    to Paris, 

please proceed to Gate   . 

See you, you old bastard!    

I wish you a long, long life!    

And you, his stingy grandson!
You'd better not forget about me!    

We'll meet again!    

That is, if you don't hate me by then,
you stubborn jack ass!    

We couldn't forget if we tried.    

Take care of yourself.    

So long, friends.    

-Yeah.
-So long.    

Holly...    

 Why did you wake up all of a sudden?
What happened?    

I feel so much better!    

Like we could read
each other's minds.    

-What?
-They're both coming home, mom!    

Holly!    

Dad and Jotaro!    

They're coming home!
dj guy: Good morning! Greetings, all. This is Morioh Radio,

dj guy: and your host, once again, is me, your neighbor, Kai Harada.

kai: What a refreshing morning.

announcer: ,And I have the perfect song here to start off the day.

kai: Here's our first song of the morning.

taxi: Oh, there we go.

taxi: We usually get good reception when we pass that tower.

taxi: Is this your first time in Morioh, sir?

jojo: Yeah.

jojo: What kind of place is it?

taxi: Morioh? Hmm...

taxi: Oh! The beef tongue cooked in miso is good.

jojo: Anything strange about it? Any incidents?

taxi: No idea.

main: ,Sorry, I actually don't know that much about it.

taxi: Oh, where was I supposed to drop you off again?

jojoj: In front of the station is fine.

taxi: Understood.

jojo: Good grief...

jojo: I just hope nothing annoying happens.

sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

sign: Diamond is Unbreakable

topinternal,koichi: In April of , on my very first dayof high school, I met two bizarre men.

sign: Episode   Jotaro Kujo! Meets Josuke Higashikata

koichi: I finally start high school today...I wonder what the people will be like.

koi: My name's Koichi Hirose.

internal/narrator: ,Though you don't really have to remember that.

koi: I was so nervous on my first walk to my new school that I...

Bam,sfx: Bam

koi: Eh? H-Huh? That's strange. We just ran into each other,

koi: and the things in my bag flew out...

jota: Sorry I wasn't watching where I was going.

koi: H-He's huge! He's over  centimeters!

jota: I have a question.

main: ,Do you know of a Higashikata household around here?

koi: Higashikata? No...

jota: Then how about this address?

main: ,It's Johzenji -.

Jotaro_Kujo,sign: JotaroKujo

koi: Jotaro Kujo...

koi: If you take the # bus, it'll get you to Johzenji.

koi: If you wait a little while, it'll get here soon.

jota: Thanks.

koi: The first guy was this man, Jotaro Kujo.

koi: I found this out later, but he's ,and he's a marine explorer.

koi: He's famous in the scientific world for his ecological research.

koi: He seems really wild, but intelligent... or cool, I guess.

guy: Hey! Are you a new kid?

guy: You better introduce yourself.

koi: Y-Yes, sir! My name is Koichi Hirose,and I'm a new student.

koi: Good morning, Senpai!

guyb: All right. Well said.

koi: S-So scary...

koi: Oh, it's okay. They're getting on a different bus.

guy: The hell are you doing, ?!

guyb: Who do you think you are?

josu: What am I doing? Well...

josu: The turtle that lives in this pond woke up from hibernation, so I was watching it.

josu: I don't handle turtles really well. I'm scared to even touch them.

josu: So I was thinking it's about time I got over my fear...

guy: That's not what I asked!

guyb: Stand up, foolishass!

guy: You're pretty tall for a first-year.

guy: But before you have the nerve to dress like that...

guyb: You foolish ! Who said you could wear that?

guy: You need to talk to us first!

jojo: W-Wait... I'm not a fan of reptiles.

josu: They scare me...

Slap,sfx: Slap

guy: What are you smiling at?

josu: I'm sorry. I had no idea, Senpai.

guy: There are a lot of guys

main: ,I last saw in a hospital after they said they didn't know and were sorry.

guy: You wanna end up

main: ,like this turtle?! Huh?!

koi: Th-They're awful...

guy: I'll let you off the hook this time.

guy: Take off that jacket and the pants, and leave them here.

guy: With your cash!

josu: Yes, sir! I'm very sorry!

jojo: That just means if you don't want them after you, don't dress like that.

jojo: What pisses me off more is that

main: ,he isn't even mad after what they did to that turtle.

guy: Hey, wimp. Why don't you tell me your name?

josu: Yes, sir.

josu: Josuke Higashikata, from Class -B.

jojo: What? Josuke Higashikata?

ID,sign: Student ID Name: Josuke Higashikata

guy: "Jo" and "Jo," eh?

guy: Josuke, we're gonna call you "Jojo" from now on!

josu: Okay... Thank you very much.

guy: Hurry up and take off that uniform.

guy: The damn bus is here.

guy: If you don't hurry it up, I'm gonna shave off that Astro Boy hair, too.

guy: Well, what are you waiting for? Hurry it up!

josu: Hey, Senpai...

josu: What did you just say about my hair?

jojo: What? A Stand?!

guy: My nose... My nose!

josu: I won't let anyone get away with making fun of my hair, no matter who it is!

josu: Did you say my hair looked like Sazae-san?

guy: Huh?! No one said that...

josu: I heard you, damn it!

koi: What the heck? That punk just went flying.

jojo: Some kind of Stand just appeared from behind him.

koi: Huh? That turtle's wounds are...

guy: What the heck?

main: ,Where you got punched is going back to normal!

guy: Hey, he's all better!

guy: But does it look like it healed all weird?

guy: His face looks kinda different.

guy: Huh?

guy: No way! What does it look like? Hey!

josu: I had to touch that turtle,

main: ,even though I didn't want to, thanks to you.

josu: What are you gonna do about that, huh?!

guy: Wait! My nose! What's it look like? Huh?

jojo: Good grief. So he's...

josu: Gah! That scared me!

josu: Oh, it's just the turtle again.

koi: I was right. That turtle's all better.

jojo: Josuke Higashikata...

jojo: Born in .

main: ,Your mother's name is Tomoko.

main: ,She was  at the time,and was going to college in Tokyo.

jojo: You've lived here ever since you were born.

jojo: In , when you were four, you came down with a fever due to an unknown cause,

jojo: and for the next  days, no one knew if you'd survive or not.

jojo: Your father's name is...

jojo: Good grief. This is such a rotten role to play.

jojo: Your father's name is Joseph Joestar.

jojo: He's currently .

main: ,He's the founder of Joestar Realty.

koi: I've heard of him before.

internal/narrator: ,Apparently he's a huge real estate mogul in the US.

jojo: He's still doing all right,

main: ,but when I was looking into howto split up his inheritance,

jojo: I found out that he had a son in Japan, which would be you.

jojo: He didn't even know about it himself.

jojo: That old piece of ..

main: ,Going on about how he'd only ever love his wife,

jojo: yet I just found his son who wasborn when he was  years old

main: ,as a result of an affair.

jojo: Whoops. I guess I shouldn't have said that.

jojo: My name's Jotaro Kujo.

main: ,I guess, technically, I'm your nephew.

jojo: How bizarre.

josu: Nephew? Oh, uh... Nice to meet you.

jojo: Let's talk while we walk.

jojo: And so, eventually, you're gonna get a third of the old man's inheritance.

jojo: I came here to tell you that.

main: ,The whole Joestar household is in chaos since the old man's affair came to light.

josu: It's in chaos?

jojo: Yeah... My grandma, Suzie Q,is the angriest she's ever been

main: ,in their  years of marriage.

josu: I-I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry I've caused such a fuss!

jojo: Hey, now. Hold up.

jojo: Why are you suddenly apologizing?

josu: Well, I mean, causing trouble in a family is no good.

josu: My mother has told me that she was in love when she gave birth to me.

josu: I accept that, too.

josu: Could you tell, uh, my dad, um... Mr. Joestar, I mean,

main: ,that he doesn't have to worry about us?

josu: That's all.

jojo: What's with this kid?

jojo: I came here prepared to takea punch intended for the old man,

jojo: and instead, he's actually apologizing?

girl: Hey, it's Josuke!

girl: Oh, it is!

girl: Josuke!

girl: How are you?

girl: Talk about a coincidence!

girl: Let's go to school together.

girl: Your hair looks as cool as ever.

girl: You're looking sharp.

girl: You're so different from the other guys.

josu: Um... I'm actually in the middle of something important right now...

girl: Huh? What the heck?

girl: If you don't hurry, we're going to be late.

girl: You can talk later.

jojo: Hey, Josuke.

main: ,I'm not done talking to you yet.Run these girls off.

girl: What's his problem?

jojo: Hey, have your stupid talk about hair later.

girl: H-He actually said it.

girl: He talked about his hair!

josu: You...

josu: What were you saying about my hair, huh?!

girl: This isn't good.

girl: Don't blame me!

girl: Josuke hates people insultinghis hair more than anything else.

koi: It's just like what happened earlier!

jojo: Hold it, Josuke.

main: ,I wasn't insulting you...

jojo: ! Here it comes!

Missing: ,Bash

girl: Josuke!

girl: There's blood!

jojo: Did you see it, Josuke?

main: ,This is called a Stand.

jojo: It's the physical manifestation of your psychological energy.

jojo: Joseph Joestar has one, too.

jojo: Stands can only be seen by other Stand users.

josu: It pisses me off when someonetalks bad about my awesome hair.

josu: I can't even help it!

jojo: So this is Josuke's Stand!

jojo: Th-This power...

josu: You're wide open from your chin down!

jojo: villain!

josu: What?!

koi: Huh?

girls: When did that happen?

girls: What's going on?

josu: When did y—

girl: Josuke!

girl: No!

girl: Josuke!

jojo: Shut up!

main: ,It pisses me off when girls freak out!Get out of here!

girl: Fine...

girl: It seems like they know each other.

girl: Besides, he's scary.

girl: But he's kind of hot...

koi: I don't get it...

koi: I have no idea what's going on!

koi: But something is definitely happening!

jojo: It's been a while...

jojo: Actually, it's been ten years.

jojo: But I was able to stop time for half a second.

jojo: If I hadn't stopped time...I doubt we would've been k*lled,

jojo: but one of us would've been badly injured.

jojo: Here, Josuke.

josu: Ah, uh... No. It's okay.

jojo: I see.

jojo: There's actually another reason I came to see you.

jojo: The other reason is this picture.

jojo: Something is hiding in this town.

jojo: Something very dangerous is approaching.

jojo: When Old Man Joseph tried to get a spirit photo of you,

jojo: this is what he got instead.

jojo: We're not sure why...

jojo: But he's probably a Stand user.

jojo: This doesn't concern you, but I wanted to at least show you the picture.

jojo: You've been warned.

ojo: Koichi-kun...

jojo: If you happen to see him, don't go anywhere near him.

jojo: Calling the police won't help.

jojo: Just run.

jojo: Josuke...

main: ,Don't lose your temper and go after him, either.

jojo: You'll get hurt, just like a moment ago.

koi: Oh! The entrance ceremony!

josu: Ack! Look at the time!

josu: Aw, ..

main: ,Who knows what my mom'll do to me if I'm late on the first day?!

josu: Hey, I'll listen to everything you've got to say after school.

josu: Hey, Koichi, was it? Let's go!

koi: Huh?

josu: Hurry!

koi: Right!

koi: The other bizarre guy I happened to meet is Josuke Higashikata.

koi: He unpredictable and can go right from goofy to annoyed.

koi: I guess his family situation is complicated.

koi: And we only just met...

jojo: Josuke Higashikata... What a weird guy.

jojo: And his Stand...

jojoj: This hat... It's back together?

jojo: So his Stand reforms things into a different shape after they're broken?

jojo: If it had been my face or head...

jojo: Talk about creepy.

internal/narrator: ,But if I think about him as a potential ally, he should be reliable.

jojo: If you overlook his ridiculous personality, anyway.

jojo: I just hope this has nothing to do with Josuke.

signbot: Shi

signbot: Shini

signbot: Shinin

signbot: Shining

signbot: Shining D

signbot: Shining Di

signbot: Shining Dia

signbot: Shining Diamo

signbot: Shining Diamon

signbot: Shining Diamond

signtop: Jo

signtop: Josuke

signtop: Josuke Higashi

signtop: Josuke Higashikata

guy: Hey, girl!

guy: Where are you headed? I'll give you a ride.

guy: Hey, don't be so cold!

guy: C'mon! C'mon!

guy: Ooh, v-very pretty!

tomo: You'll go wherever I want?

guy: Hell yeah! I'd go anywhere with you.

tomo: Then you can go straight to Hell!

guy: Huh?

sfx: Crush

ryo: Hey, you okay?

guy: Officer!

guy: G-Go get that crazy bitch!

main: ,She injured me! That's a crime!

ryo: Nah, I can't do that.

guy: What?!

ryo: That's my daughter.

guy: Huh?

ryo: Well, you know. You caused trouble for others,

main: ,then you called my daughter a crazy bitch.

ryo: I'll let it go this time,but be more careful in the future.

ryo: You okay, Old Lady Murakami?

ryo: Come on. Grab your bag.

ryo: Hey, Tomoko!

tomo: Dad.

ryo: You headed home?

tomo: Yeah.

ryo: Let's go home together. I'm done for the day.

ryo: How's Josuke?

main: ,Today was his entrance ceremony, right?

ryo: He'd better not be up to any trouble.

tomo: Hmph. Who knows?

main: ,That idiot can seem calm, then get annoyed outta nowhere.

tomo: I wonder who he took after.

ryo: Hey, now...

tomo: But...

tomo: Deep down, in the bottom of his heart, he's kind.

main: ,No need to worry about him.

ryo: Oh, yeah.

main: ,Why don't we celebrate him starting high school tonight?

too: Yeah, I'm planning to.

tomo: But I wonder if he'll come home early.

main: ,He'll probably stop somewhere again.

ryo: No doubt.

girl: Hey, I want to stop by Kameyu.

guy: Huh? I just bought you an expensive bag the other day.

girl: I want to look at, like, clothes today.

guy: Watch it, foolishass!

guy: Pay attention to where you're walking, moron.

girl: He's super creepy.

guy: He's not even gonna apologize after running into someone?

girl: Forget him. Come on.

guy: I know. You just wanna go to Kameyu, right?

guy: Huh?

jojo: Anjuro Katagiri, a.k.a. Angelo.

jojo: Born in Morioh in .

main: ,His IQ is .

jojo: He was sent to juvie for robbery and r*pe when he was just .

main: ,Since he committed that first crime,

jojo: he's become the most awful

jojo: and disgusting criminal in Japan's history.

jojo: He spent most of his youth in jail for his crimes,

jojo: a total of  years by the time he'd turned .

jojo: His last crime was so vile, it'd makeeven a rat in the bathroom puke.

jojo: He was eventually arrested, and the sentence they gave him

jojo: was death.

jojo: But, somehow, the execution failed to k*ll him.

jojo: Shortly after, Angelo escaped.

jojo: He most likely became a Stand user right before his execution.

jojo: I'm not sure why,

jojo: but he's hiding out in this quiet town...

main: ,Somewhere.

josu: Koichi, you heading home?

koi: Oh... Yeah.

josu: We're in the same class.

koi: Yeah... Talk about coincidences.

josu: Well, see you tomorrow.

koi: Ah... Hey! J-Josuke!

josu: Huh?

josu: Oh, you want to hear what that Jotaro guy has to say?

koi: It's been bugging me,and it has to do with this town.

josu: You're amazing. I'm gonna pass.

koi: Why?

josu: I'm sort of curious,but when I thought it through,

josu: I don't think getting involved with beingsome guy's lovechild is a good idea.

koi: Why?

josu: Well, I mean...

josu: Things are just fine as they are right now.

koi: I see...

koi: I wonder what that is.

josu: Maybe an accident or something?

josu: Wanna go after it?

koi: Yeah.

person: What? Are they sh**ting a drama?

person: It's dangerous, so step back. Step back!

koi: Talk about a huge commotion.

old: A man robbing that convenience storetook a female employee hostage inside.

both: Huh?

guy: Look! There he is!

cop: Don't move! Drop the Kn*fe!

cop: Let the girl go!

guy: Shut up! Get back!

koi: Th-That lady has rung me up before!

josu: His eyes are messed up.He'll totally k*ll her if he loses it.

guy: All of you, get outta the way!I'm getting into the car!

koi: This isn't good, Josuke! Get back! Back!

josu: R-Right.

guy: Hey, you with the stupid hair!

guy: Sorry, let us step back—

guy: I told you to get away from the car!

main: ,I'll k*ll you!

koi: I have...

koi: a bad feeling about this.

koi: I knew it!

Missing: ,Loom

koi: C-Crap! Here it comes!

koi: At a time like this? In this situation?

koi: After Mr. Jotaro warned him!

cop: Who's that?

gop: H-Hey! Stop!

jos: What did you just say?

guy: Wh-Who are you? Get away from me.

guy: You don't care what happens to her?

cop: Get back, you fool!

cop: What are you going to do if he loses it?

guy: I told you guys to stay back, too!

guy: D-Damn it! You're pissing me off!

guy: I've made up my mind! I'm gonna s*ab this girl!

josu: Oh, really?

koi: Th-There's a hole in his body!

josu: I angry you off?

josu: That's my line!

girl: Huh? I-I'm fine?!

koi: She's back to normal. It's happening again.

guy: M-My army Kn*fe! It's inside my stomach!

guy: H-How?!

josu: You'd better get a surgeon to takethat out... in the prison hospital.

cop: S-Seize him!

cop: What's going on?

koi: Josuke!

josu: Hey, Koichi.

koi: Are you okay?! That was...

cop: What the...

cop: What are you doing, opening your mouth?

thing: Who would have thought

top: ,I'd find another Stand user here?

thig: I possessed this man and was having a blast with that robbery, and then...

thig: How dare you get in my way?!

osu: He's the guy from the picture!

stand: I'll be watching you from now on.

stand: I'll be watching you all the time.

josu: What'd you say, ?!

koi: Josuke!

cop: You idiot! Get him!

cop: What were you thinking?!

josu: M-Mr. Officer! W-Wait a sec...

koi: What Mr. Jotaro said was true.

josu: Let me go! I didn't do anything!

koi: There's something in this town...

koi: I can feel the presence of something completely unknown.

koi: Something bad is here in Morioh.

tomo: Hey, Josuke! Answer the phone!

tommo: Josuke! Answer the damn phone!

josu: Yeah, yeah. One sec.

josu: Hello?

jojo: It's Jotaro.

josu: Oh, hi.

jojo: We didn't have a chance to actually talk yesterday.

jojo: We need to talk about the guy hiding in this town.

josu: Oh, I actually wanted to talk to you about that.

josu: Mr. Jotaro, where are you right now?

jojo: The Morioh Grand Hotel.

jojo: What happened?

josu: Well...

tomo: Damn it, this pisses me off.

tomo: Where did I put the shovel?

ang: That little brat...

ang: Looks like he's got a cozy little family.

ang: Not to mention he's got himself a hot, young mother...

ang: I'm jealous.

ang: Josuke Higashikata, don't get cocky, now.

ang: I'm going to destroy your livelihood, your soul, and your life.
tomo: Ah...

tomo:  it, this pisses me off.

tomo: Now, where did I put it?

jojo: Anjuro Katagiri, a.k.a. Angelo.

jojo: He's become the most awful and disgusting criminal in Japan's history.

jojo: He's repeatedly committed m*rder since he was .

jojo: His last m*rder...

tomo: Milkman! Watch your step over there!

jojo: ...was lower than dog 

jojo: In March of ,

jojo: he happened to meet three -year-olds.

jojo: He r*ped and m*rder two of them.

tomo: Did you step in it?

ange: Yes, it appears so.

tomo: Seriously, it pisses me off.

tomo: Letting their dogin frontof someone else's house...

tomo: I'm really thinking of keeping it

main: ,and putting it in the owner's pocket tomorrow morning.

ang: Um... I left your milk over there.

ang: I'll be off now.

tomo: You...

main: ,You're not the usual milkman.

ange: Yes, I'm just covering this morning.

tomo: Huh...

jojo: Because the third boy was from a rich family,

jojo: he demanded a ransom.

jojo: That's what led to his arrest.

tomo: I might just be picky, but the seal on this milk's lid is broken.

ange: Huh?

ange: Is it?

tomo: Yeah, right here!

ange: Oh, yeah...

tomo: See? It's broken, right?

ange: Yeah. Sorry about that.

ange: I'll be going now.

tomo: Thanks.

ange: Good day.

ange:  that !

Glob,sfx: Glob

ange: That woman's pretty watchful.

ange: If that woman or her brat, Josuke, drank this milk,

ange: my Stand, Aqua Necklace, could have possessed them!

old: Another one? You just keep going, don't you?

jojo: When the police infiltrated the area where the boy was being held,

jojo: they found a truly horrific sight.

jojo: The boy was dead, and his privates

jojo: had been chopped off and nailed to a pillar near the corpse.

ange: Why didn't you clean up your dog?

ange: On top of that, you just threw your cigarette on the ground, didn't you?

ange: Don't get cocky!

ange: Because those who get cocky...

ange: can just swallow my Stand and die.

title: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

title: Diamond is Unbreakable

title: Episode   Josuke Higashikata! Meets Angelo

josu: So it seemed like that Stand had possessed the robber...

josu: Or rather, it was just in his body.It didn't att*ck me.

jojo: Was Angelo nearby? The guy in the picture.

josu: No, I didn't see him.

josu:  it, my hair's not setting right.

jojo: Listen up. That Stand's power is weak, but it can be controlled remotely.

jojo: It's the type that can somehow enter people.

jojo: I'm heading to your house now.

josu: Huh? Right now?

jojo: Don't eat or drink anything until I get there.

jojo: That includes tap water.

main: ,Don't shower or use the bathroom, either. Got it?

josu: Hold on a second. I haven't told my mom about you yet.

josu: My mom's pretty tough, but it seems that she still loves Joseph Joestar,

josu: and cries when she thinks about him.

josu: She'll know who you are with one look.

tomo: Josuke, where did this picture come from?

tomo: This is the milkman from earlier...

tomo: Do you know him?

jotaro: Hey, Josuke. What's wrong?

josu: Crap! I was too late.

josu: I just saw that thing go into my mom's mouth from the coffee!

jojo: Hello? Josuke? Hey! Josuke!

tomo: Josuke, you want some coffee, too?

josuu: Yeah, sure. Could you put in some milk and sugar for me?

tomo: Milk and sugar, right?

sfx: Do-

sfx: Boom

tomo: Josuke? Was it milk and sugar?

josu: Yeah.

josu: Hello? Jotaro?

Josu: I caught that Stand, but...

jojo: What?

josu: What should I do with it?

jojo: How in...

jojo: Be careful. Angelo should be watching over your house from somewhere.

jojo: Don't take your eyes off that Stand.

main: ,I'll be right there.

paper: Angelo,CriminalCondemnedto Death,Escapes

jojo: There's no doubt that Angelo was able to escape prison and death row

internal/narrator: ,because he used his Stand.

jojo: But I still don't know the specifics of that Stand's power.

TV: Dead ball!

TV: And that's the game!

TV: The game ends with a dead ball!

josu: There, there.

ange: You little !

tomo: Josuke! You need to get going,or you'll be late!

ange: I'll k*ll them both!That little brat and his hot mom!

josu: Yup!

ange: I need to either get the cap off

ange: or break open this bottle, somehow...

ange: He's...

ryo: I'm home. You really feel it when you work the night shift at my age.

ange: Higashikata...

main: ,Come to think of it, it's the same name.

ange: So this is Officer Higashikata's house.

ange: I haven't seen him since I was .Talk about memories.

ange: I know everything about you!

ryo: Freeze.

ryo: Josuke, why aren't you at school?

josu: Are you allowed to take your g*n home, Gramps?

ryo: Oh, shush! Answer me.

josu: I-I'm going! I'm just waiting for someone.

ryo: You fool. This is just a model g*n.

ryo: You scaredy-cat.

ryo: I guess I win the first round in our weekly contest to scare each other.

josu: Yeah, yeah. I lose.

ryo: Hm? What's wrong? You're not even trying to argue this time.

josu: Nothing. Mom already left.

main: ,You should go to bed. You're tired, aren't you?

tvnew: Now, our next story.

sign: News Bureau

sign:  Bodies Found In Park

announcertop,tvnew: The number of strange deaths occurring

announcertop,tvnew: due to the center of the eye or ear

announcertop: ,being destroyed has risen to seven as of this morning.

tvnew: The police are trying to get to the bottom of these bizarre deaths,

tvnew: which have only occurred in Morioh.

announcer: ,They're trying to determine if theywere caused by illness or accident.

ryo: I've heard about this.

ryo: It definitely reeks of foul play to me.

ryo: I can't help but feel like someone really dangerous is hiding in this city.

josu: Gramps...

tvcm: Morioh's masterpiece, beef tongue in miso.

josu: He's here...

ange: I know you well, Higashikata.

ange: After you finish your night shift, you always enjoy a sh*t of brandy.

jojo: Josuke, grab the bottle and get in the car.

jojo: Let's take it somewhere isolated.

josu: Right.

josu: G-Gramps...

aqua: Josuke Higashikata, this is all your fault!

aqua: It's all your fault for not keeping your eyes on me.

aqua: You got too cocky!

aqua: It cheers me up

aqua: when I see cocky guys step into the depths of despair!

aqua: That was close! That power is incredible...

aqua: You're still being cocky!

aqua: I'll k*ll you, whatever it takes!

main: ,You hear? Whatever it takes!

josu: Gramps opened the cap on the bottle.

josu: But there's nothing to worry about.

josu: It's just a minor wound. My Stand can easily...

josu: All fixed.

josu: It can't be...

josu: He should wake up.

josu: My Stand can heal wounds.

josu: I've done it lots of times since I was a kid.

josu: I even fixed my friend's broken bone...

josu: Hey, Gramps! I'm gonna be madif you're messing around.

josu: Did you really fall asleep because you had the night shift?

josu: You don't need to try to scare me anymore!

josu: Gramps! Gramps!

jojo: Josuke...

josu: The wound's been completely...

jojo: It can be said that humans live by destroying.

jojo: In the midst of all that, your power is kinder than anything else.

jojo: But once a life is taken,

main: ,it doesn't come back.

jojo: No matter the Stand, it can't bring it back.

josu: For  years, he protected this city as a police officer.

josu: He sensed the danger here,

main: ,and when he heard news about

josu: m*rder that sounded like Angelo's work,

josu: he had the eyes of a man who was protecting his city.

jojo: Angelo has k*lled many.

jojo: There must be several bodies of people from this city

main: ,that haven't been found yet.

jojo: There's no reason for his m*rder.

jojo: It's a hobby to him.

jojo: And he'll keep k*lling, I'm sure.

jojo: He's probably going to start by k*lling you and your mom.

josu: I'll...

josu: I'll protect this city andmy mom in his place.

josu: No matter what happens.

signtop: A

signtop: Aqua

signtop: Aqua Ne

signtop: Aqua Nec

signtop: Aqua Neck

signtop: Aqua Neckla

signtop: Aqua Necklace

signbot: An

signbot: Anju

signbot: Anjuro

signbot: Anjuro Kata

signbot: Anjuro Katagiri

nar: The funeral has ended,and his uniform hangs in the closet.

nar: And behind it, the shoes, socks, shirts, and pants of a middle-aged man,

nar: who would say, "What? This is what I like,"are neatly folded and lined up.

nar: But eventually, they will probably be disposed of.

nar: Because, despite his daughter

internal/narrator: ,not wanting to throw them away since they hold such dear memories,

nar: no one will ever wear them again.

koi: Josuke probably doesn't want to see anyone right now.

jojo: Everything but canned drinksand foods is dangerous,

jojo: so don't consume anything else.

jojo: How's your mom?

josu: I had her go to a relative's house after the funeral.

josu: Good idea. She can come back after we kick Angelo's ass.

josu: I'm not annoyed or anything.

main: ,I just got a little worked up for a moment.

josu: I'm calm. Completely calm.

jojo: Calm, huh?

jojo: Well, this is your furniture,

main: ,so it's up to you if you wantto take out your anger on it.

jojo: By the way, that scar on your lip...

jojo: That's from when I punched you.

jojo: Can't your Stand heal your wounds?

josu: My Stand can't heal my own wounds.

jojo: What if his Stand enters your body and starts tearing things up from the inside?

josu: I'd probably die.

josu: If it invades me, I lose.

ange: You're gonna try to trap my Stand in a bottle again?

ange: That ain't happening again, Josuke. I know your powers very well now.

ange: Tomorrow, or the day after tomorrow...

ange: I'll wait patiently for my chance.

_____Days_Later,sign: —  Days Later —

jojo: He's come this close to see what's going on...

jojo: But these past three days,he hasn't made a single move.

jojo: What's he waiting for?

jojo: It's raining...

jojo: Rain?

aqua: What?

main: ,I thought something seemed odd about you.

main: ,So you're a Stand user, too?

aqua: Well, whatever. I've been waiting for this moment.

aqua: This house is now mine!

main: ,You guys can't leave while it's raining!

jojo: Josuke!

josu: He was just here all of a sudden, boiling the water.

josu: He's twisted the faucet, too.

jojo: Angelo's Stand has entered the house.

jojo: He wasn't waiting for you to drink the water.

jojo: He was waiting for it to rain!

jojo: His Stand can move in the rain... No.

jojo: It can move freely in liquids.

jojo: Josuke! Stay away from that kettle!

jojo: The steam is him!

josuke: This is just great.

main: ,We can't capture him in the bottle.

jojo: Stay away from the steam.If you inhale that, you're in trouble.

jojo: Get out of the kitchen.

josu: About that... It seems like it won't even do any good to get out of here.

josu: Angelo has already made several holes in the roof.

josu: So it's dangerous to go upstairs,obviously, or outside.

josu: This is just great...

jojo: I never would have thought a power

main: ,that uses water could be this terrifying.

jojo: He's pretty smart.

jojo: What's so funny? We're trapped.

jojo: Hey!

josu: I mean, Jotaro...

josu: The guy who k*lled my Gramps is this close.

josu: This is just great!

ange: Now, then. Let's finish this.

jojo: Now, Josuke...

jojo: How would you

jojo: slip out of this situation?

josu: Slip out?

josu: I wouldn't quite word it like that.

josu: I would break out!

josu: Hurry, this way!

josu: The wall's going to go back to normal.

jojo: Good grief.

josu: Well, we've blocked the steam...

jojo: The humidifier!

jojo: Josuke!

aqua: I've won! Just as I thought, Josuke!

aqua: I knew you'd break through the wall and come into this room!

jojo: !

ange: When horse races or test answers end up exactly as I expect,

ange: I can't help but feel lucky from the bottom of my heart and laugh.

ange: It just bubbles out!

jojo: Josuke!

josu: What Angelo just said is wrong, Jotaro.

jojo: Josuke?

josu: Even when things end up exactly as I expect,I don't feel like laughing...

josu: Not when it comes to Angelo.

jojo: That's...

josu: Got it. Sorry, it's a bit gross.

josu: I shredded up a rubber gloveand swallowed it beforehand.

jojo: I see. It appears the user's body is over there.

angel: Sh-!

josu: So you're...

jojo: ...Angelo.

ange: !

ange: Y-You guys aren't going to k*ll me, are you?!

ange: Sure, I'm an escaped death row inmate.

ange: But just because I was foundguilty by Japanese law

ange: doesn't mean you guys have the right to judge me!

ange: Josuke! I k*lled your grandpa,but you have no right to k*ll me!

ange: If you k*ll me, you'll end up a cursed soul, just like me!

josu: Don't go telling people what they can and can't do.

ange: M-M-My right hand! My hand!

josu: No one's going to execute you.

josu: Not me, and not Jotaro, either.

josu: You're not going to be ex*cuted,

main: ,and you're not going back to jail.

jojo: Josuke, I'll leave the rest to you.

ange: Wh-What do you plan to do with me, you?!

josu: Repent for eternity, Angelo!

main: ,For all of those you k*lled, including my Gramps!

josu: You're gonna live forever in the city my Gramps protected.

nar: The Angelo Stone.

sign: Morioh City Landmark The Angelo Stone Directions  One minute's walk from Morioh City Johzenji Street Bus Stop #

nar: The Angelo Stone is known as a landmark,

nar: and a place where lovers meet.

topinternal: ,It's admired by the people of the city,

nar: despite its creepy appearance.

jojo: He really is pretty crazy.

jojo: Good grief...
title: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

title: Diamond is Unbreakable

title: Episode   The Nijimura Brothers, Part 

jojo: Yeah. The issue with Angelo's been resolved.

jojo: But I won't be coming back for a while.

jojo: That other photo we've been investigating...

jojo: Send it over, too.

jojo: Yeah, the one that the Speedwagon Foundation found in Egypt ten years ago.

jojo: I think I might finally know what it means.

jojo: Please.

jojo: Yeah, thanks to him.

ange: Josuke! I k*lled your grandpa,but you have no right to k*ll me!

ange: If you k*ll me, you'll end up a cursed soul, just like me!

josu: Don't go telling people what they can and can't do.

ange: M-M-My right hand! My hand!

josu: No one's going to execute you.

josu: Not me, and not Jotaro, either.

josu: You're not going to be ex*cuted,

josu: and you're not going back to jail.

jojo: Josuke, I'll leave the rest to you.

ange: Wh-What do you plan to do with me, you?!

josu: Repent for eternity, Angelo!

flashback: ,For all of those you k*lled, including my Gramps!

ange:  it...

ange: Don't you dare get cocky!

main: ,I'm sure he'll k*ll you both for me.

josuke: What? "He"?

ange: That's right. The one wearing a school uniform,

main: ,who gave me this power.

jojo: What?

main: ,It can't be...

jojo: Are you saying someone canwillingly give another a Stand?

ange: Are you scared?

jojo: Huh? How is that supposed to scare us?

jojo: No... Angelo's not a Stand user by birth.

jojo: It was a mystery how he obtained his Stand powers.

jojo: But if there is actually a person who can give others Stands...

ange: Terrifying, isn't it?

ange: Want me to tell you?

ange: It was last year, so ,

ange: on a night about a month before my execution.

ange: I couldn't sleep that night...

main: ,I was just staring blankly up at the ceiling of my cell.

ange: It was a completely silent night.

ange: But then...

ange: I should've been the only one in that dark cell,

ange: but he was there.

main: ,The guy in the school uniform.

ange: H-Hey! How long have you been there?!

flashback: ,Where'd you come from?!

ange: Wha...

ange: It was a very old bow and arrow.

main: ,It looked like it was centuries old.

ange: Wh-What are you doing?

ange: I was so scared, I could almost feel my balls shriveling up.

ange: But before I even had a chance to scream...

guy: You're alive. Congratulations.

guy: That means you've got the aptitude. If you didn't, you'd be dead.

guy: You've just obtained a talent.

ange: No... It's more accurate to say it was pulled from your mind.

guy: The worse the villain, the more they have...

guy: This talent that the man named Dio called a "Stand."

jojo: Dio?

jojo: Did you say Dio?

josuke: Jotaro? Is something...

josu: What?!

ange: You fools!

ange: It looks like you were so busy

main: ,listening to my story that you forgot about my Aqua Necklace!

jojo: Angelo, !

ange: Josuke! Hurry up and get me out of this rock!

josu: It would appear that...

josu: I didn't have enough rage in my heart for you.

ange: What are you doing? Stop messing with your stupid hair!

ange: I'm gonna k*ll this brat! Let me out right now!

josu: What did you say...

jojo: Don't be rash, Josuke!

josu: ...about my hair?

ange: Y-You know... If you k*ll me,

main: ,the guy in the school uniform won't let it slide!

ange: He lives in this town, too!

ojo: What? Josuke, wait!

Glob,sfx: Ker-Blam

josu: Yeah... I just didn't have enough rage earlier.

josu: I needed to do a great job of buryingthat assh*le into the rock, like this.

jojo: Good grief.

jojo: I wanted to get a bit more out of him.

josu: Huh? You actually believe the crap he was saying?

jojo: It wasn't crap. He said Dio's name.

josu: Who is that, anyway?

jotaro: He's a man that the Joestar family has been fighting for over a hundred years.

jojo: My friends and I fought Dio and defeated him.

jojo: But there was one thing that I didn't understand.

jojo: Back in , why did the man called Dio suddenly acquire a Stand?

josu: Could the same person have made him a Stand user?

jojo: Yeah... The guy in the school uniform might be our new enemy.

jojo: Or perhaps it's the bow and arrow he had.

jojo: If that's somewhere in this city...

jojo: Then it's hard to believe that Angelo's the only danger here.

jojo: Good grief...

Morioh_City_Repo,sign: Morioh City Report

Morioh_City_Repo,sign: Morioh City Report

kou: It's just like Jotaro said.

flashbackinternal,jojo: There's no doubt that the worst thing imaginable is hiding in this city.

flashbackinternal,jojo: An extremely terrible danger is coming to this city...

flashbackinternal: ,No, it's already g*n.

koi: Since the beginning of this year, , people have disappeared in Morioh City.

Abductions___Kid,sign: Abductions & Kidnapping Cases

koi: Of that number,  of themwere young boys and girls.

koi: Even if some were runaways,

Have_You_Seen_th,sign: Have You Seen This Person?

internal/narrator: ,that's still seven to eight times greaterthan Japan's national average per city.

koi: That number is extreme.

koi: Not to mention...

headline: ,Ryohei Higashikata Dead (Morioh Police Officer)

koi: Josuke's grandfather...

jojo: Koichi, you're even studying after school?

main: ,Let's go home.

koi: Oh, right.

koi: Thank goodness. Josuke seems to be feeling better.

josu: Yo, Angelo.

koi: Uh... Huh? Hey, was this rock always here?

jojo: Yeah, but it didn't look like this at first.

koi: At first?

koi: Well, whatever. Yo, Angelo...

koi: By the way, what happened to Jotaro?

josu: Oh, he said he had something he wanted to look into.

josu: He's staying at the Grand Hotel.

koi: Does it have to do with this city?

josu: I'm sure it does.

koi: I see.

koi: The danger this city faces...

koi: Huh? Josuke?

koi: No one's lived in this house for about three or four years, right?

josu: Yeah. It's so run-down that there's no way it'd sell.

josu: It should be torn down and rebuilt.

koi: No, someone's living here. Maybe someone moved in?

koi: There was someone in the window just now.

josu: Huh? Nah, that can't be. My house is over there, right?

josu: I'd know right away if someone moved in.

josu: Besides, realtors are always checking

main: ,to make sure homeless people don't crash there.

koi: Now that you mention it, that's true.

koi: How strange. I wonder if I actually saw a ghost...

josu: H-Hey, don't say stuff like that.

main: ,Ghosts are scary! And we're right in front of my house.

oku: Stop gawking at my house, little brat.

Billion_,sign: Billion

Billion: ,Billion

oku: Say something!

josu: Koichi!

josu: Hey! What do you think you're doing?

oku: What? That's my line.

oku: You two are in front of my house...

Morioh_City_Land,sign: Morioh City Landmark The Angelo StoneHow to get there: A minute's walk from Morioh City Johzenji Street Bus Stop #.The Angelo Stoneis known as a landmark,and a place where lovers meet.It's admired bythe people of the city,despite its creepy appearance.

tomo: Give it a rest.

main: ,If you're the newspaper guy,I already told you we don't want it.

tomo: Who is it?!

main: ,My father just d*ed of a stroke,

main: ,and we're still busy with everything that follows.

tomo: Could you come back another time?

tomo: Y-You're...

tomo: Jo...

tomo: Joseph!

tomo: You finally came back, Joseph!

tomo: I was waiting for you this whole time!

tomo: I've been so sad and lonely since my dad d*ed.

tomo: I can't believe you showed up at a time like this, Joseph!

tomo: I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you,

tomo: I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you!

jojo: I hate to disappoint you, but I'm not Joseph Joestar.

tomo: Huh?

jojo: Take a good look. No wrinkles.

tomo: Oh... Now that you mention it...

tomo: You're pretty young!

jojo: Good grief...

jojo: I'm Joseph's grandson. My name's Jotaro Kujo.

tomo: O-Oh, really?

jojo: Ask Josuke for the rest of the details.

jojo: I hate annoying conversations.

jojo: I'm here to see Josuke. Is he here?

jojo: I'm asking you where Josuke is.

tomo: Huh? Oh! Josuke hasn't come home from school... yet.

jojo: I see... Then I'll be back tonight.

tomo: Huh?

tomo: You're leaving already?

jojo: Oh, yeah...

jojo: About your father...

tomo: Huh?

jojo: It's a shame.

jojo: If Joseph Joestar had come to this city,

main: ,he would have protected you as besthe could from the dangers to come.

jojo: But he's old now.

jojo: I can't let him come here.

jojo: I'm here in his place.

jojo: I just can't feel at ease.

jojo: The bow and arrow that Angelo was talking about...

jojo: In documents the Speedwagon Foundationobtained regarding the witch, Enyaba...

jojo: She's holding the bow and arrow.

jojo: They give ordinary people the power of a Stand.

jojo: , that's unbelievable...

No_Trespassing,sign: No Trespassing

josu: Are you insane?

josu: Let him go.

No_Trespassing,sign: No Trespassing

oku: My father bought this house.

main: ,Don't go digging around here.

oku: Never do it again!

josu: I'm not talking about that.

main: ,I'm telling you to let go of him, villain.

josu: If you don't let him go now,I'm gonna get annoyed.

oku: Come on, now. "villain" is a bit much, ain't it?

oku: Calling someone you just met a villain right in front of their house...

oku: Do you even know how to talk to people?

josu: Well, I know how to shut that mouth of yours.

Glob,sfx: s*ab

josu: What?!

oku: Bro?!

kei: Do you wanna know whyI sh*t him with the arrow?

kei: Because that guy is Josuke Higashikata.

oku: Oh, really? He is?

kei: Since he defeated Angelo,

main: ,that means he's a Stand userwho'll be trouble for us, too.

josu: A Stand user?! You two are Stand users?!

kei: Okuyasu! Make Josuke Higashikata disappear!

josu: Koichi...

kei: Hmph! I was hoping I couldmake him into a Stand user

main: ,that I could use like the others,

kei: but I guess that's not happening.

kei: He's gonna die.

josu: M-Move!

josu: I can still heal his wounds with my Shining Diamond!

oku: No!

oku: Josuke Higashikata! I, OkuyasuNijimura, will make you disappear

main: ,with my The Hand!

oku: Here we go!

josu: If you don't move, I'm seriously going to mess up your face.

oku: You're pretty fast.

kei: Hey, Okuyasu.

kei: Using a Stand is the same as driving a car or riding a bike.

kei: Those with no skill or guts

main: ,will get scared and maneuver like crap,

main: ,no matter what kind of monster machine they ride.

oku: Bro...

oku: Please don't say things that'll piss me off too much.

oku: This villain's much faster than I thought.

kei: We're not messing around here, Okuyasu!

kei: The Stand that you acquired, The Hand, gives me chills just thinking about it.

kei: You'd better be serious when you use it.

kei: Make sure you k*ll Josuke Higashikata,who defeated Angelo, no matter what!

kei: He's bound to get in our way.

oku: I know—

oku: Ah! I was talking!

oku: Th-That's not fair!

josu: You're pretty stupid, aren't you?

oku: What? Why?!

oku: Why do you think tha—

josu: I told you to move.

josu: Koichi!

josu: Thank goodness. You're still alive.

josu: Then I can still save...

oku: That's it! You're gonna pay for that!

josu: I told you to move!

josu: Get any closer and you'll really piss me off!

oku: Take your best sh*t, if you can!

josu: He's got way too muchconfidence in his right hand.

josu: This isn't good.

josu: I've got a really bad feeling about that right hand of his...

oku: Let go of my right hand, you little !

josu: Yeah, it's his right hand!

Gion,sfx: Swoop

oku: Why, you...

oku: Don't you dare run away, Josuke!

oku: Don't abandon your friend like that!

josu: There's something up with that right hand of yours.

josu: Something's telling me it's not safe.

oku: Think about that after you're dead!

oku: Here I go!

josu: Koichi... Just hang on a little longer...

No__passing,sign: No  passing

josu: What's with that gate? Something's wrong with it...

josu: No... passing?

oku: Stop walking backwards, you foolishass.

oku: You're getting farther away from your buddy.

main: ,Come a bit closer!

josu: That's it... The "tres" is missing.

josu: I bet your Stand's right hand

josu: scraped it off, right?

main: ,It has the power to scrape away its surroundings.

No__passing,sign: No  passing

some: That's right, Josuke Higashikata!

some: Whatever this right hand grabs gets scraped away.

some: And the parts that don't get scraped away...

some: close together, so it looks like nothing changed.

oku: As for the part that gets scraped away...

oku: Even I don't know where it ends up!

oku: I can do this to guys who try to run away, too.

oku: I scrape away the space between us! And then...

oku: See? You came right to me.

oku: You could call it teleporting!

oku: This is the power of the Stand even my bro fears, The Hand!

oku: You can't run away anymore,

oku: Josuke!

oku: No matter where you go, you're...

oku: always...

oku: within my reach!

oku: So weak!

oku: You really b*at Angelo like this?

oku: I guess you just don't get that it's no use.

oku: You're the one who's stupid!

oku: Now die, Josuke!

josu: You really are stupid, aren't you?

oku: Why?!

Smack,sfx: Smack

Crash,sfx: Crash

Kaboom,sfx: Kaboom

josu: That was close. Okuyasu Nijimura, huh?

josu: That's a pretty great and terrifying Stand.

josu: I'll be in trouble if he wakes up and tries to att*ck.

josu: I guess I should strangle him a bit, just to make sure he stays knocked out.

josu: It'll put the feeling of defeat in his soul, too.

josu: One, and...

josu: K-Koichi's...

josu: That's enough, !

kei: This arrow is very precious. It's the only one there is.

kei: It's my precious objective.

kei: I just have to retrieve it.

jojo: According to Angelo's story,

internal/narrator: ,it's this bow and arrow that unleashed Dio's Stand powers.

jojo: There's no doubt about it.That unleashed The World...

jojo: And after Enyaba d*ed,someone obtained the bow and arrow,

internal/narrator: ,and is creating more Stand users in Morioh City.

jojo: I've got to hurry and destroythat bow and arrow...

jojo: To make sure a villain more evil than Dio

main: ,doesn't appear with a Stand more powerful than The World.
kei: This arrow is very precious. It's the only one there is.

kei: It's my precious objective.

kei: I just have to retrieve it.

josu: Don't you dare pull out that arrow! It'll make him bleed even more!

kei: Because my little brother's an idiot,I have to k*ll you now.

kei: Which means it won't be good if something happens to this arrow.

kei: If the lady next door happens to see it,or if it snaps in half, that'd be bad news.

kei: I'm a very methodical type, you see,

kei: so I want to make sure I put the arrow away properly.

kei: When you're listening to CDs, you properly put the first one away in its case

kei: before listening to the second one, right?

kei: Everyone's like that.

kei: I'm like that, too.

kei: Oh? You're gonna come into this house?

josu: Think before you speak!

josu: If I don't come in, I can't kick your ass and treat Koichi's wounds!

oku: Bro! I haven't lost yet!

oku: Hold off on attacking him!

josu: att*ck?

oku: We ain't finished yet!

josu: Something's coming from...

josu: the darkness of the ceiling!

sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

sign: Diamond is Unbreakable

sign: Episode   The Nijimura Brothers, Part 

josu: Okuyasu...

kei: How stupid you are never ceases to amaze me.

kei: If you hadn't come staggering in here,

kei: my Worse Company would have att*cked Josuke for sure.

kei: And you actually walked into its att*ck trajectory.

oku: Bro...

kei: Your Stand, The Hand, is terrifying, but you're completely incompetent.

kei: I told you over and over,ever since we were kids,

kei: that incompetent people drag down everyone around them, didn't I?

kei: I told you over and over that people only have the right to live

main: ,if they keep growing, didn't I?

josu: What's with his injuries?

josu: What kind of att*ck makes youend up with wounds like that?

josu: Anyway, it seems that something's up there.

kei: Little brother,

kei: I think it's only natural that morons like you should die!

josu: It left a ton of holes again!

josu: What kind of att*ck is that?

josu: Shining Diamond!

josu: Are you trying to att*ck your brother, too?!

kei: Josuke Higashikata...

kei: I'm sure he won't abandon this brat he called Koichi.

kei: He'll most likely come in here again.

kei: I'll k*ll him, no matter what...

kei: I'll k*ll anyone who gets in the way of this bow and arrow's objective,

kei: no matter who they may be!

josu: Now, then... How about you tell meabout your brother's Stand?

josu: Tell me what his Stand really is!

josu: If you tell me, I'll treat your wounds.

oku: Like hell... I'm gonna tell you...

oku: foolishass...

josu: As I thought.

josu: Well, then... I guess I have no choice!

josu: I'm gonna go in there again,so just don't get in my way, Okuyasu.

josu: Koichi doesn't have much time!

josu: His Stand att*cks from somewhere within this darkness.

josu: Going in here is pretty dangerous.

josu: I've got no choice but touse all of my senses fully...

oku: Hey, wait a minute!

josu: Huh?

oku: Why, Josuke? Why did you treat my wounds?

josu: Shut up. I'll tell you later.

oku: I might att*ck you! I'm your enemy!

josu: You want a piece of me?

oku: After I hear your answer!Why did you treat my wounds?

oku: I'm not very smart, so you're gonna have to tell me!

oku: And that wound on your hand!

oku: You got that when you were pulling me outside, didn't you?

oku: I wanna know why you went through all that to save me.

josu: There's no deep reason.

josu: "There's no reason he has to die."

josu: That's what I thought back there.

josu: Koichi...

josu: The trail leads upstairs.

oku: I still have more questions, Josuke!

josu: What's your problem?!

main: ,I'm begging you, just let me save Koichi!

oku: Why?!

oku: Why don't you use your Stand's powers to fix your own hand?

oku: You should just fix it up like you did with my face.

josu: My Shining Diamond can'trepair my own wounds.

josu: It just means life isn't that easy.

josu: And, more than anything,

josu: I have no way of saving people who've already d*ed.

josu: Let me just say one thing, Okuyasu.

josu: If Koichi dies, I don't know what I'm gonna do to your brother.

josu: So don't hold it against me. It was your brother who caused all this trouble.

josu: You got that? If you do, stay outside.

josu: Koichi!

josu:  it... This is definitely a trap.

josu: He plans to att*ck me from somewhere as soon as I get close to Koichi.

josu: But...

josu: Even if I know it's a trap,I have no choice but to go!

josu: Koichi doesn't even have seconds left!

josu: What?!

josu: Okuyasu, !

oku: Josuke!

Glob,sfx: Gyaon

josu: Koichi just...

oku: Because I'm stupid, I just act on what's in my heart.

oku: Just once, just this once, I'll repay my debt to you.

oku: I won't do anything else.

main: ,I won't help out my Bro,or do anything to you, either.

oku: This is it.

josu: That's just great, Okuyasu.

josu: Hey, you were in great danger, Koichi.

josu: I'm glad you came to.

josu: How many fingers am I holding up?

koichi: Five...

koichi: I-I got my head trapped between the gates,

koi: and then, uh... um...

koi: Wh-Where are we?

josu: That dangerous situation we were in earlier isn't over yet, Koichi.

josu: I want to go down those stairs and go outside,

josu: but I wonder if Okuyasu's brother will let us do that safely...

josu: There's definitely something up there.

josu: Something's lurking in the shadows of the ceiling.

josu: What's that?

josu: Something really fast just went by.

koi: Josuke, what's going on?

josu: Koichi, I'm sure you have no idea what's going on right now.

josu: For now, don't ask any questions,and get closer to me.

josu: Earlier, it was creepy because I couldn't see it,

josu: but I feel a bit more at ease now that I've seen it.

josu: It just looks like a shrimp with very little power.

josu: This battle's gonna end with me sending Shining Diamond

internal/narrator: ,after that shrimp the next time it pops up.

josu: There you are!

josu: What the heck? There's a ton of them!

josu: And that uniform...

Gion,sfx: Burn

koi: Wh-What's...

josu: A bunch of guys that look like toy soldiers are falling...

josu: Are these Okuyasu's brother's Stand?

josu: Ow!

josu: You!

josu: I guess attacking two or three won't do enough damage.

josu: And the wounds are small, but their destructive power is the real thing.

josu: We're sure to get seriouslyhurt if we fight these things.

toy: Since Okuyasu decided to meddle and save that brat,

toy: my plan's been derailed.

tory: But they won't be leaving this house...

toy: Nor will they leave my Stand,Worse Company's, b*ttlefield.

signtop: Wo

signtop: Wor

signtop: Worse

signtop: Worse Co

signtop: Worse Com

signtop: Worse Compa

signtop: Worse Company

signbot: Kei

signbot: Keicho

signbot: Keicho Niji

signbot: Keicho Nijimura

josu: Worse Company?

koi: Josuke, wh-what's...

josu: Don't ask questions.

josu: I'm sure you don't get it, but just shut up and stay back!

josu: We're in real trouble right now!

toy: All units, halt!

toy: Ready, aim...

toy: Fire!

toy: Left face!

toy: Fire!

josu: As I thought, that's enough destructive power to blow off

main: ,our limbs if they hit us head-on!

josu: Lucky! There are some windows.

josu: Koichi, this is the second floor,

main: ,but we're gonna bust out those windows and dive out.

josu: I guess I was a bit naïve...

josu: Just great... They have helicopters, too?

josu: Those look like the Americanarmy's Apache helicopters.

koi: Look out! There's a t*nk!

josu: You're right. They have t*nk, too.

josu: Koichi, be caref—

josu: What?

josu: Wh-What did you just say, Koichi? Can you see them?

josu: These soldiers, t*nk, and helicopters...

josu: You can see them clearly?

koi: Yeah. I'm not sure what's going on, but I can see them.

josu: Could it be that since you were sh*t by that arrow, you became a Stand user?

koi: Oh? So the little shrimp

koi: has the power to use a Stand now?

josu: There you are, Okuyasu's big bro.

josu: You've got some guts,showing yourself like that!

josu: My Stand, Worse Company, has unbreakable defense.

josu: It's an army that won't let any invader leave alive.

josu: I'm sure you want to b*at me...

josu: But I can tell you right now that your Shining Diamond's att*cks

josu: will never reach me.

josu: Look! Do you see my army's beautiful formation?

toy: All units, maintain battle formation! At ease!

kei: It feels so good when they'reso beautifully together.

kei: Though I'm a bit annoyed that their formation is

main: ,a little off, since youkilled two or three of them.

josu: You sure are methodical.

main: ,You came out here just to explain that?

kei: No, the reason I came out here

kei: is to watch you, brat.

koi: M-Me?

kei: That's right.

kei: Koichi, was it?

main: ,It seems, despite my expectations,you had the aptitude to be a Stand user.

kei: Make your Stand appear right now, and show me what it can do.

kei: You might have the ability that I've been looking for.

kei: If you have that ability, I'll let you live.

koi: B-But...

josu: The ability you're looking for?

josu: What are you after?

kei: You're in no position to be asking questions, Josuke!

kei: My decision to k*ll you hasn't changed!

kei: Be thankful that you get to live a bit longer.

josu: That's just great.

kei: Hey, what're you doing?

kei: Make your Stand appear, brat!

koi: S-Stand? I have no idea what's going on...

kei: Oh? It's your first time? I see!

kei: Fine! Josuke, show him how to make a Stand appear!

main: ,Huh?

kei: Your Shining Diamond's range is less than one meter.

kei: If that shrimp's Stand's ability is able to compensate for yours,

kei: you might be able to escape my Company.

josu: True... It'd be great if it's a Stand that can kick your ass.

josu: Okay, getting your Stand to come out is easy, Koichi.

josu: You just need to feel like

main: ,you want to protect yourself, or you want to kick his ass.

koi: Huh?

josu: The rest is just instinct.

josu: A Stand that's unique to your mentality should come out.

koi: W-Wait! I can't understand all this out of nowhere!

kei: You don't understand?

main: ,Then I guess we'll just have to put you in a situation that makes you!

kei: Do it, Green Beret!

Smack,sfx: Boom

josu: What?!

kei: That's...

josu: Hey, Koichi, try moving it.

koi: M-Move what?

josu: That Stand!

koi: Stand?

koi: I-I made this appear?!

josu: What happens after this?

josu: What kind of abilities does this egg-shaped thing have?

koi: Abilities? I'm sorry to disappoint you, but this is all I can do!

main: ,This is it!

koi: What? That's it?!

kei: This Stand...

kei: That's enough! That's all I need to know!

kei: All units, battle positions!

josu: Koichi, withdraw your Stand.

josu: If they att*ck that thing, you'll die, too!

koi: Withdraw? How do I make it withdraw?!

kei: Commence att*ck!

Crash,sfx: Kablow

koi: J-Josuke!

kei: Good. Now Koichi and Josuke have been separated.

kei: The cr*ck in that egg...

internal/narrator: ,The brat hasn't realized it yet,but it might be something worthwhile.

kei: The only one who's going to die right now is Josuke.

josu: Ow...

josu: Hey, Okuyasu's big bro,

josu: if you're going to use an att*ck flashy enough to destroy this house,

josu: I'm gonna do the same.

josu: Let's make this just great.

kei: Josuke Higashikata...

kei: Is it true that you hate it when anyone says anything insulting about your hair?

josu: Why don't you try insulting it?Just to test that out.

kei: No, there's no need.

kei: Because I'm going to declare that I'll

main: ,blow off the head that your hair sits on.

kei: First, my Worse Company is going to sh**t your legs.

kei: You won't be able to run away then.

kei: Next, we'll damage your arm.

kei: Then you won't be able to guard yourself.

kei: And then, I declare that I'm gonna blow your brains out, along with your hair.

josu: I see. That's a flawless plan...

josu: If you ignore the fact that it's impossible!

kei: I'm very methodical, you see.

kei: If I say I'll do something in a certain order, I will.

kei: That's what a declaration is.

koi: He's wide open...

koi: I just need to make that Stand thing appear again.

koi: It's only an egg-looking thing, but if I can make it ram into him,

koi: I might be able to b*at him!

koi: I-I'm going to do it! Be confident!

koi: I'm going to b*at him!

kei: I'm very interested in your Stand,

kei: so I won't k*ll you just yet.

josu: You!

kei: All units, charge!

josu: Just like Moses, who parted the Red Sea and walked across its floor,

josu: I'm gonna make my way throughthis army and b*at you down!

kei: You fool! My plan is going exactly as I have declared,

kei: Josuke Higashikata!

josu: A l-landmine?!

kei: First, damage to your legs!

kei: And now, Apaches, fire your m*ssile!

josu: My arm...

kei: First your legs, then your arm.

main: ,It feels so good when things go as I've declared.

kei: Let's see if you can stay in one piece as my Worse Company

kei: fires all its m*ssile, shells, and rounds into that damaged arm of yours!

kei: You've lost, Josuke Higashikata!

kei: All units!

kei: Get ready to fire at once!

kei: What do you think you're doing, Josuke Higashikata?

kei: Are you surrendering?

kei: Are you asking me to let you go?

kei: That's not happening.

kei: All units, fire!

josu: My plan is already finished.

kei: What?!

kei: My m*ssile that just att*cked Josuke's arm...

josu: Did you forget?

main: ,My Shining Diamond can repair what's been destroyed.

josu: If you forgot, then write it down.You know, methodically.
josu: My plan is already finished.

kei: What?!

josu: Okuyasu's big bro was a pretty great danger.

josu: Koichi, let's get the heck out of this house.

koichi: Huh?

koichi: Wh-What about the bow and arrow that sh-sh*t me?

josu: The bow and arrow?

main: ,Looks like Okuyasu's big bro hid them somewhere.

josu: Are we going to look for them?

koi: Y-Yeah...

josu: You know, I could swear they mentioned having a dad around.

josu: I took some pretty major damage,so let's just leave for today.

koichi: W-We can't!

koi: I-I'm alive because you healed my wounds for me, but...

koi: If someone else is sh*t with that bow and arrow again,

main: ,they might actually die!

koi: Here in this town!

koi: S-Stay here. I-I'll go look for them myself!

koi: N-Not to mention, I don't think their dad is here right now.

koi: I-If he was, I'm s-sure he would have shown himself by now.

josu: He's a lot braver than he looks.

josu: He can be tough when it counts...Or maybe just reckless.

josu: But right now, we should really hurry up and get out of this house.

josu: Hey...

koi: Wh-What? D-Don't try to stop me.

josu: I won't.

josu: Let's hurry up, snap that bow and arrow in half,

main: ,and get outta here together,

josu: Koichi.

sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

sign: Diamond is Unbreakable

sign: Episode   The Nijimura Brothers, Part 

koichi: They have an attic. Maybe the bow and arrow are up here.

koi: Th-There they are!

koi: The bow and arrow!

main: ,They're hanging on the far wall!

josu: Hey, I think this was a bad idea.There's something in there.

josu: Is something chained up in there?

koi: I-Is it a dog?

main: ,Those sounds can't be from a human...

koi: I-It sounds like an animal.

koi: No, I'm scared! What should we do?!

josu: What should we do?

main: ,It was you who insisted on going!

koi: Yeah, but...

josu: We're just gonna have to do this.

josu: Listen up, Koichi.

main: ,You're gonna kick in the door as hard as you can on the count of three.

josu: We're gonna scare it.

josu: Then, I'm gonna run over andsnap the bow and arrow in half.

josu: Got it?

koi: Yeah.

josu: Here we go.

josu: One...

josu: Two...

josu: Three!

Glob,SFX: Grab

josu: What is that?!

josu: Koichi!

koi: Help!

josu: That hand doesn't belong to a Stand. It's real!

josu: That's a real body!

koi: H-Help me!

koi: Bleh...

josu: I didn't mean to chop it off...

josu: Wh-What the heck is that creature?

josu: I can't believe that thing's been living near my house...

koi: Bleh...

kei: Looks like you finally saw the thing you weren't supposed to see.

josu: You...

kei: That thing right there... is our dad.

kei: My dad needs these.

koi: Th-The bow and arrow...

kei: I want to find a Stand user for my dad's sake.

kei: That's why I can't let anyone else

kei: have this bow and arrow or destroy them,

kei: no matter what!

josu: Is it some kind of disease?

kei: Disease? No.

main: ,My dad's perfectly healthy,

kei: and he's got an appetite.

kei: But he just keeps moaning, and he doesn't recognize me as his son.

josu: So you were looking for a Stand user to fix your dad.

kei: Fix?

main: ,You gonna fix him for me? That's not it, either.

kei: It's the opposite.

kei: I'm looking for a Stand user who'll k*ll my dad.

kei: Dad won't die, no matter what.

kei: Whether you smash his head in,

main: ,or grind up his body, or rip things off, nothing works!

kei: I just want to let him die normally.

kei: I swore when I was a kid that I'd do anything to make that happen.

kei: And to do that, I need this bow and arrow.

kei: Otherwise, my dad will probably live like this forever.

kei: Because my dad had some guy named Dio's cells

main: ,implanted in his head,so he ended up like this!

josu: Dio? Did you just say Dio?

josu: That's the guy Jotaro talked about.

kei: Let me tell you a bit about the past,

main: ,Josuke Higashikata.

kei: After all, you're not completely uninvolved.

kei: Everything happened eleven years ago, in .

kei: At the time, I was seven, and Okuyasu was four.

kei: We lived in Tokyo.

kei: The world was carefree,thanks to the bubble economy,

kei: but at the time, my dad had no luck.

kei: Our mom d*ed of an illness,

kei: the business that my dad was running went under,

Luxury_Houses_Ni,sign: Luxury HousesNijimura Land

kei: and he was in massive debt.

kei: He would hit us for no reason all the time.

kei: Our dad was a total loser.

kei: But then, suddenly,

kei: money started rolling in to my dad.

kei: Even jewels and precious metals, too, sometimes.

kei: He wasn't even really working.

kei: I found out later when I did some research

kei: that my dad had apparently already sold his soul to Dio.

kei: He became one of his minions in exchange for money.

kei: It seems that Dio was looking for anyone with Stand potential back then.

kei: Somehow, he found out that my dad had the potential,

kei: though I have no idea now what his Stand was like.

kei: But one day... Even though it was ten years ago, I still remember it vividly.

kei: When I got home from school, around : PM...

kei: Okuyasu!

kei: Did Dad hit you again? That scum!

oku: N-No!

kei: Huh?

dad: Dio...

dad: Dio's dead...

flashback: ,That has to be why!

kei: Dad?

kei: Dad, let's call an ambulance.

dad: It's no use! This isn't an illness!

flashback: ,The flesh bud has gone berserk!

dad: I'm done for!

fboverlap,kei: Dad!

kei: About a year after that, he becamea glob of flesh that can't even tell

main: ,that we're his sons anymore.

kei: Dio would implant his own cells into the heads of those he couldn't trust,

kei: and order them around whenhe wanted to control them.

kei: Dad had one of those flesh buds implanted in his head.

kei: I spent ten years researching everything.

kei: About Stands, about Jotaro...

main: ,Then I found out about the old woman named Enyaba,

main: ,and obtained the bow and arrow.

kei: But as I learned all of this,

main: ,I also had to accept that my dad would never recover.

kei: Because Dio's immortal cells had become one with him.

kei: This is all he does, all day long.

kei: Every single day...

kei: Day after day, for ten years,

kei: he uselessly scratches around that box of junk.

kei: If I take the box away from him, he just cries for days.

kei: It pisses me off.

main: ,Watching him just makes me hate the idea of living.

kei: How many times have I told you not to make a mess?

kei: He can be obedient if I discipline him,

kei: but he never stops digging around in that box!

main: ,Bleh...

josu: Hey! You're the one who needs to stop!

josu: He's your dad!

kei: Yeah, that's right.

kei: He's my father by blood.

kei: But right now, he's as much my father as he's not.

kei: He's a man who sold his soul to Dio,and got what he deserved.

kei: Yet, on the other hand,

main: ,do you know how it feels, not being able to finish him off because he's your dad?

kei: That's exactly why I want him to die normally.

kei: Once he's finally dead,my life can actually begin!

kei: ! I told you to stop that!

main: ,It pisses me off!

josu: Hey!

josu: That's enough!

kei: I can't let you have this bow and arrow.

kei: No matter what!

josu: Don't get the wrong idea!

main: ,I'll worry about the bow and arrow later.

josu: Right now, that box has my attention!

Gion,sfx: Dogyaa

Gion,sfx: Do

koi: Th-The box?

Gion - Copy,sfx: gyaa

josu: I saw him grabbing at some paper scraps,

main: ,so I was curious about what it was.

josu: I see now.

koi: A family photo...

koi: S-So there was a reason.

main: ,There was a reason for thebehavior he repeated for ten years.

koi: He was looking for the photo of his sons at the time.

koi: He might not understand what's going on right now,

koi: but deep down inside,he still has his memories!

koi: Memories of the past!

signtop: The

signtop: The Ha

signtop: The Han

signtop: The Hand

signbot: Oku

signbot: Okuyasu

signbot: Okuyasu Niji

signbot: Okuyasu Nijimura

josu: Instead of looking for a Stand to k*ll him,

josu: if you'll try to find one that can cure him,

josu: I don't mind helping you out.

josu: But hand over that bow and arrow.

main: ,I'm gonna snap them in half.

josu: You planning to run?

oku: Big Bro, let's stop this.

kei: Okuyasu!

oku: Come on, let's stop all of this, okay?

josu: You were still here?

oku: Dad might get cured, right?

oku: Even if his body doesn't go back to normal,

oku: maybe his mind and his memories will go back to how he used to be.

main: ,Right?

kei: Okuyasu! What do you think you're holding?

oku: Big Bro...

kei: Out of the way, Okuyasu!

main: ,I can't turn back anymore, no matter what happens!

kei: I've already k*lled so many people in this city with this bow and arrow!

kei: Besides, I don't even think of you as my little brother anymore.

kei: Since you're not my little brother, I can k*ll you without hesitation!

oku: B-Big Bro...

josu: You guys...

josu: Do you have any relatives here besides your dad?

oku: Relatives? There's only the three of us.

oku: Th-That's...

josu: It came out of the electrical outlet...

kei: Okuyasu! Stop spacing out, you foolishass!

oku: Big Bro!

bird: I'm taking this bow and arrow, Keicho Nijimura!

bird: I, who got sh*t by this bow and arrow, and had my Stand ability awakened!

kei: You think...

main: ,someone like you can handle this bow and arrow?

bird: Keicho Nijimura!

main: ,You said Stands depend on one's mentality, didn't you?

bird: Well, I've grown!

bird: How else do you think my Stand,Chili Pepper, grew this much?

kei: Worse Company!

bird: Shut up!

josu: Th-That's...

koi: Electricity!

main: ,Okuyasu's big brother is being turned into electricity,

main: ,along with the bow and arrow!

oku: Big Bro!

kei: Don't touch me!

kei: You'll be dragged in, too!

oku: Big Bro...

kei: D-! It's taking the bow and arrow!

kei: Okuyasu...

kei: You were always holding me back!

oku: Big Bro!

koi: Josuke!

josu: I could have sworn I just saw someone who looked like

josu: the user looking in through that window.

josu: Do you know anything about that Stand we just saw, Okuyasu?

oku: N-No. My big bro found a lot of Stand users I didn't know about.

oku: J-Josuke! Th-That's...

josu: Okuyasu...

oku: My big bro... deserved to end up like that.

oku: There's no way he could have lived a decent life.

oku: That was his fate.

oku: But you know...

main: ,In the end, my big bro...

oku: In the very end, my big bro defended me, didn't he?

oku: Josuke, you saw it, right?

josu: Yeah. I definitely saw it.

josu: Your big bro defended you.

guy: Is this Jotaro Kujo?

jojo: I don't recognize your voice.

main: ,Who are you?

guy: That doesn't matter.

guy: Jotaro Kujo, I'm asking you to leave Morioh City.

jojo: I don't think I'll listen to someone

main: ,I don't know suddenly telling me to leave.

jojo: Would you leave, no questions asked,if you were in my shoes?

guy: I'm the one who has the bow and arrow.

guy: I got it after I k*lled Keicho Nijimura.

guy: I don't mind k*lling you either,Jotaro, but I hear that

announcer: ,you have the ability to stop time for a second or two.

guy: You sound like a tough opponent,

announcer: ,so I thought I'd give you a call and warn you first.

jojo: Are you also Stand user?

main: ,What do you plan to do with the bow and arrow?

guy: I don't plan on giving you any trouble.

guy: And as long as Josuke Higashikata doesn't try anything,

Unavailable_Numb,sign: Unavailable Number  Public Phone

announcer: ,I won't do anything to him, either.

guy: I just received this Stand ability.

announcer: ,I just want to have a little fun.

guy: I'm fed up with my annoying life of entrance exams and getting a job.

jojo: Are you a student?

guy: What difference does that make?!

guy: Listen! If you overstay your welcome in my city,

announcer: ,I'm gonna k*ll you and Josuke, too! Got it?!

jojo: How many other Stand users are in this city?

jojo: Good grief...

nar: Keicho Nijimura was buried in Kunimi Peak Cemetery,

internal/narrator: ,which is west of Morioh City.

nar: The stolen bow and arrow remain missing.

Nijimura_Family,sign: Nijimura Family

nar: Okuyasu Nijimura decided to settle down

internal/narrator: ,with his father in Morioh City for a while.

nar: And...

mom: Josuke, would you get that?

josu: Yes?

oku: Hey, Josuke! Let's go to school.

josu: Huh?

oku: I'll be going to the same school as you starting today.

josu: Even so, you don't have to come and get me.

main: ,We're not in grade school.

oku: Man, I had no idea your house was, like, right in front of mine!

josu: Yeah, you could call that a shocking truth...

oku: Come on. Let's hurry up and go.

mom: Oh, is that a friend of yours, Josuke?

oku: Hi! I'm Okuyasu Nijimura!

mom: Come on in and have a cup of coffee while he finishes getting ready.

oku: Really? Thank you very much!

oku: Your mom is totally hot.

oku: Pardon the intrusion!

josu: This is just great... and heavy...
Radio: This is Morioh City Radio.

Radio: Your host, once again, is me, your neighbor, Kai Harada.

Radio: Now, then...

Koi: Look at those smooth spokesshining as they spin!

announcertop,Radio: Last week's topic was, "The King of Terror is supposed to come from the sky this July.

Koi: This mountain bike was a gift to celebrate me getting into high school.

announcertop,Rdio: What are the citizens of Morioh City going to do?"

Koi: Getting new stuff is always exciting.

announcertop,Radio: All right, let's get to the replies.

announcertop,Radio: This one's from "RIP Big Bro."

Koi: I'm not gonna be able to take the bus to school for a while!

announcertop,Radio: I wonder what happened to his big bro?

Koi: O-Ow...

Koi: Wh-What the heck?

Koi: There's a bag in the middle of the road.

Koi: I-It can't be! The thing in that bag was...

Koi: Wh-What am I gonna do?! I ran it over!

Koi: I-I couldn't help it!

main: ,It was in the middle of the road!

Koi: There was nothing I could've done!

Tama: Precisely.

Tama: You're not the one at fault here.

Tama: That was just an unfortunate accident.

Tama: The guy who put the kitten in a bag and left it in the road is at fault.

Tama: Talk about a terrible thing to do.

Koi: W-We have to treat its injuries!

Tama: It's no use.

Tama: You don't hear it crying, do you?

Tama: It's dead.

Tama: What's your name?

Tama: My name's Tamami Kobayashi, and I graduated from

main: ,your school two years ago.

Tama: That's a nice bike.

Tama: You a first-year?

Koi: Y-Yes. My name's Koichi Hirose.

Tama: Ah, high school, eh? Takes me back.

Tama: Things were good back then.

Tama: Well, have a seat, Hirose.

Koi: Huh? B-But...

Tama: Just shut up and sit down.

Tama: So... I've got an idea.

Tama: I'll bury that cat for you,

Tama: so give me a little money. Okay?

Tama: Hey! Are you listening?!

Koi: Wh-What are you talking about?

Tama: Hey, now. Quit messing around.

Tama: It's true that this wasn't your fault,

main: ,but are you planning to donothing about k*lling my cat?

Koi: Did you say it was your cat?

Tama: That's right.

Koi: Y-You put the kitten o-over there?

Tama: That's not the problem anymore.

Tama: I'm asking you if you're really gonna do nothing about it and go.

Tama: You're the one that k*lled it, bro.

Title: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

Title: Diamond is Unbreakable

Title: Episode   Koichi Hirose (Reverb)

Tama: Hey, you're feeling guilty, right?

Tama: If your heart could be freed

main: ,from the shackles of guilt by paying some cash...

Tama: Wouldn't it be better to just pay up?

Tama: Right?

Money,Sign: Money

Koi: Wh-What's this lock-looking thing?!

Koi: It's heavy!

Tama: Huh? You can see that?

Tama: Then this should go even faster, Hirose.

Koi: Th-This is a Stand!

Koi: A Stand's inside my body!

Oku: Hey, Josuke.

Oku: Isn't that Koichi standing over there?

Josu: Yeah, that's definitely Koichi.

Josu: That kid hangs out with shady-looking characters all the time.

Oku: But he looks like he's having fun.

Tama: I met a guy named Keicho Nijimura about four months ago,

main: ,and obtained this ability.

Tama: I had no idea what was going on,but man, I was happy.

Tama: I figured that if I could use this ability properly,

main: ,it could support me for the rest of my life.

Tama: Now...

Tama: Come on, cough it up.

Tama: These shackles won't come off if you don't pay up.

Koi: I-I don't...

Koi: have any money.

Tama: Huh... You looked away just now, didn't you?

Koi: W-Well...

Koi: I-It's heavy!

Koi: I can't even stand anymore!

Tama: Tsk, tsk, tsk.

Tama: It's not nice to lie, you know.

Tama: You felt bad about lying, didn't you?

Tama: The more guilt you feel,the bigger the lock becomes.

Tama: These shackles are the weight of your sins.

main: ,It's a*t*matic.

Tama: Even if I'm sleeping, or if you try to run far away, it's never coming off.

Tama: All right? If you get it, then show me your wallet.

Tama: Come on.

Tama: What the heck? You should have just given me this in the first place.

Tama: You have , yen!

Koi: Th-That's for buying sneakers for gym class today.

Tama: Sneakers?

Tama: Go barefoot!

Josu: What are you doing over there?

Koi: J-Josuke and Okuyasu!

Josu: A grown man trying to thr*aten a high school kid for money?

Josu: Try getting a job to earn your money.

Tama: Now, look! You little boys stay out of this!

Josu: Oh, we can't do that.

Josu: Not when there's some smelly trash around, using some petty Stand.

Josu: We've got to take out that trash properly.

Tama: Hey...

Oku: This seriously isn't coming off.

Tama: Whoa, wait... You guys can see it, too?

Tama: Just how many of you can see that?

Josu: That's what I want to know.

Josu: But right now, that doesn't matter.

Josu: Would you kindly take that lock off of him?

tama: Hey, you little brats! Don't underestimate me!

Tama: I'm not playing games here!

Tama: Sinners must pay for their sins. That's the rule of society.

Tama: Or what? You're going to pay me instead of Koichi?

Tama: Then I'll let you off the hook.

Tama: Money's money to me.

Oku: Oh? You're gonna try to get money from me?

Ok: Just try it, !

Koi: Wait! You just took , yen for me!

Tama: That was the fee for lying to me!

Koi: Huh?!

Tama: You're trying to pay for that poor kitten's life with just , yen?

Tama: That just won't do.

Tama: I'll take about five hundred grand for that.

Koi: Five hundred grand?!

Tama: Come on, five hun—

Oku: Shut up, you little !

Koi: O-Okuyasu!

Josu: Hey, don't push it.

Oku: Shut yer trap, you foolishass.

Oku: We told you to give his , yen back, so give it back, you dip!

Glob,Sfx: Slip

Tama: O-Ow! My front tooth!

Oku: Wh-Why did you wobble around and fall over on your own?

Tama: On my own? That's so cruel!

Tama: How dare you say that after hitting me?!

Tama: My front tooth's gone. You're so cruel!

Oku: H-Hey, wait a sec... Are you okay?

Koi: Wait, Okuyasu...

Koi: Don't feel any guilt toward him!

Koi: H-He did it on purpose!

Tama: Front teeth are pretty expensive, you know...

Tama: Since I don't have insurance.

Oku: Wh-Why, you...

Tama: Whoa, now! Don't try anything funny with me.

Tama: If anyone who's got my lock on them tries to damage me in any way,

Tama: it goes right back to that lock.

Oku: Y-You...

Josu: Hey. Is the kitten that you said Koichi ran over

Josu: this thing?

Koi: A s-stuffed animal?

Josu: Here, let me see. I picked up your front tooth for you.

Josu: It's all better.

Oku: It's gone!

Koi: Yay! My heart feels so much lighter now!

Tama: Wh-Who are you?!

Josu: Hey, aren't you forgetting the , yen?

Tama: All right! I'll give it back.

Oku: Once the money's down, hurry up and get out of here, foolishass!

Koi: I-I'm saved... Ah!

koi: Th-The bills... H-He took them!

Koi: He took the big parts thatthe bank would exchange!

Josu: Th-That one...

Oku: Unforgivable! Even if it's not my money.

Tama: . I was only able to get , yen.

Tama: Don't think you're gonna get away with that.

Tama: Just you wait.

Koi: Aw, man...

main: ,My day started off with something terrible, so I was down the whole day.

Koi: I'm home, Police.

Koi: Hey, you alive? Woof, woof.

Koi: I'm home.

Tama: I've heard all about you around town, ma'am.

Tama: They say you're beautiful, kind, and so refined.

Mom: You can't be serious.

Tama: I wouldn't lie!

Mom: Really?

Tama: Of course!

Koi: Wh-Why is he in my house rubbing my mom's shoulders?!

Signtop: The

Signtop: The Lock

Signbot: Tama

Signbot: Tamami

Signbot: Tamami Koba

Signbot: Tamami Kobayashi

Koi: Y-You!

Koi: What are you doing here?!

Mom: Oh, Ko, you're back. Hi!

Koi: I-I asked you wh-what you were doing here!

Mom: This gentleman delivered the money you dropped.

Koi: Huh?!

Mom: Seven thousand yen.You must've been in a hurry.

Koi: Th-This money... You told her you found it?

Mom: That's right. You ran into Mr. Kobayashi on your bike today, didn't you?

Koi: Wha...

Tama: I made sure you got your money back, Koichi.

Koi: A-And you should have!

Mom: Ko, why are you so worked up?

Tama: Ma'am, this is hard for me to say,

Tama: but it appears that I dropped my wallet when we ran into each other, too.

Tama: It looks just like this one.

Tama: Which means our wallets got swapped.

Tama: Do you understand what I'm saying, ma'am?

Mom: Y-Yes, though that seems very unusual.

Mom: But I guess it's possible.

Tama: So I'd like you to tell Koichi to return my wallet to me.

Tama: It had about five hundred thousand yen in it.

Tama: Please tell him to give it back to me.

Mom: What?!

Koi: F-Five hundred thousand?!

Koi: So that's it!

Koi: I see your scheme now!

Mom: K-Ko...

Koi: Don't panic! He's a con artist!

Koi: They're all lies!

Tama: Oh, that's right.

main: ,I can prove that our wallets got switched.

tama: Last night, I had a hamburger combo at Jonny's.

tama: And... Oh, yes. I added an order of onion gratin soup...

tama: So I believe the total onthe receipt was , yen.

tama: It should be tucked away in the wallet Koichi has.

Mom: K-Ko!

Koi: N-No! Mom, please believe me!

Koi: This is a trick!

Koi: You did this earlier, didn't you?!

Koi: And then you went out of your way to buy a similar wallet!

Tama: I hate to say this, but your son, thoughI'm sure it's just a phase, is pretty rotten.

Tama: Don't you feel guilty as his mother

Tama: for raising a son like that?

Koi: Stop!

Koi: M-Mom!

Tama: I finally did it!

Tama: Now the weight of her guilt won't allow her heart to be free.

Tama: I'm gonna take you for everything you've got.

Tama: First, I'll take this house's land, title, and seal.

Tama: What a great house this is.

Sis: Koichi,

Sis: is something wrong?

Koi: Sis!

Koi: Wh-What?!

Tama: Earlier, when she brought me tea,I made her spill some on my hand,

Tama: and then acted like it really b*rned.She kept apologizing so much.

Tama: She was so cute and sexy.

Tama: So she's a third-year at a girls' school?

Tama: R-Ripe for the picking.

Tama: A-A-Awesome!

Koi: How dare you?

Koi: You won't get away with this! I won't let you!

Tama: What?

Tama: What's up with that puny egg thing?

Tama: What is that?!

Koi: Mom, Sis, please leave the room for a while.

Mom: Ko, what's happening?

Koi: Please, don't ask any questions now.

Tama: Hey! K-Keep that thing away from me!

Tama: Your mom and sister leaving the room

main: ,doesn't change the fact that th-they're my hostages!

Koi: I won't let you harm my mom or sister.

Tama: J-Just try it, Koichi! Just try!

Koi: Take the locks off of them!

Tama: If your mom sees you b*ating the crap out of me,

main: ,her guilt is just gonna grow more and more!

Koi: I told you to take them off!

Tama: Don't underestimate Tamami Kobayashi, you pissy little !

Tama: L-Like hell I'll take them off!

Gion,Sfx: cr*ck!

Tama: Huh? What?

Tama: That didn't hurt.

Koi: Huh?

Smack,Sfx: Smack!

Tama: Whoa! What's this?

main: ,The sound is impressive, but it's actually super weak!

Tama: What is with your Stand?

Tama: It doesn't have any speed or power at all!

Tama: How dare you scare me like that, you foolishass?!

Tama: I'll show you that a Stand's strength comes from how strong you are mentally!

Gion - Copy (),Sfx: cr*ck!

Tama: Which means your mental strength is zero!

Tama: I'm gonna make sure you pay dearly for this!

Ko: S-Something strange is going on with his cheek!

Koi: "Cr-ack"?

Koi: It looks like a manga sound effect.

Gion,Sfx: cr*ck!

Gion,Sfx: cr*ck!cr*ck!cr*ck!

Tama: Wh-What the heck? I hear a weird ringing in my ears!

Tama: Like the sound I heard when I got hit...

Smack - Copy,Sfx: Smack

Tama: What is this writing on my arm?!

Tama: I-It won't come off!

Smack - Copy (),Sfx: Smack!Smack!Smack!

Gion,Sfx: cr*ck!cr*ck!cr*ck!

Smack__Smack__Sm,Sfx: Smack!Smack!Smack!

cr*ck__cr*ck__Cr,Sfx: cr*ck!cr*ck!cr*ck!

Tama: W-Wait... Th-These sounds thatI hear coming from inside me...

Tama: Your Stand did that?!

Tama: ! Get rid of this sound!

Crash,Sfx: Smack

Crash,Sfx: Boom!

Smack__Smack__Sm,SFX: Smack!

cr*ck__cr*ck__Cr,SFX: cr*ck!

_Boom_,SFX: Boom!

Koi: It's the sound.

main: ,My Stand makes the sound resonate from inside his body.

Koi: C-Come to think of it, there was that famous Basho Matsuo poem I learned at school...

So_quiet_and_sti,Sign: So quiet and stillThe shrill of the cicadasSeeps into the rocks

Koi: "So quiet and still,

Koi: the shrill of the cicadas

Koi: seeps into the rocks."

Smack__Smack__Sm,Sfx: Smack!

cr*ck__cr*ck__Cr,Sfx: cr*ck!

_Boom_,Sfx: Boom!

Tama: ! I totally fell for it!

Koi: If you take the locks off my mom and sister, I'll stop the sound.

Koi: If you keep resisting,

main: ,even I don't know what will happen to your body.

Tama: Stop this sound!

Gion - Copy,Sfx: Dogyaa

Koi: Stop being stubborn and take off those locks!

Tama: ! How dare you do this to me?!

Smack__Smack__Sm,Sfx: Smack!

cr*ck__cr*ck__Cr,Sfx: cr*ck!

Boom_,Sfx: Boom!

Dogyaa_,Sfx: Dogyaa!

Tama: Like I could thr*aten and con if I was afraid of a little brat like you!

Tama: The "Tama" in my name means "ballsy"! I'll show you just how ballsy I am!

Koi: I'm not scared of some Kn*fe!

Tama: Don't take me lightly!

main: ,I'll show you how terrifying I can be!

Tama: The true fear of the locks!

Koi: Ow!

Koi: What?!

Tama: Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!

Tama: Make the cut shallow, and scream like hell!

Tama: Toss!

Koi: "Toss"?

Mom: What was that scream?

Sis: What's wrong?

Sis: Ko?!

Koi: I-It's not what it looks like!

Koi: C-Crap!

Tama: Yes!

Mom: K-Ko! How could you do something so terrifying?!

Koi: No, Mom! t's not what it looks like!

Sis: No!

Koi: Sis!

Tama: I win! You lose!

Tama: Hurry up and stop this sound, Koichi!

Tama: If you don't stop this sound,

main: ,your mom won't be able to bear the weight of her guilt.

Tama: When humans can't bear the weight of their sins anymore,

main: ,they think they'd be better off dead.

Mom: I-I can't... anymore!

Koi: Mom!

Mom: I can't live any longer!

Tama: Stop acting tough!

main: ,Hurry and stop this sound! Are yougonna let your mom k*ll herself?!

Koi: No, I won't stop the sound.

Koi: I'll do the opposite, and make more sound!

Koi: Believe in me!

Believe_in_me_,Sfx: Believe in me!

Believe_in_me_: ,Believe in me!

Tama: What?!

_em_ni_eveileB_,Sfx: !em ni eveileB

Koi: Believe in me, Mom!

Believe_in_me_,Sfx: Believe in me!

Koi: Believe!

Koi: Mom!

Koi: Believe in me!

Believe_in_me_,Sfx: Believe in me!

Tama: This is a matter of the soul! Like hell she'll believe you!

Koi: Mom...

Mom: He's right... If I, his own mother,won't believe in him,

Mom: then who will?

Mom: Koichi's always been a nice boy.

Mom: He would never hurt anyone or take their money.

Koi: Yes!

Tama: Sh-!

Koi: Mom!

Tama: D-!

Tama: Usually, they'd never believe...

main: ,My parents would never believe in me!

main: ,Gulp...

Tama: It was just a joke!

Tama: Ko, it was all just a joke!

Koi: Take the lock off my sister, too.

Tama: It's already off!

Tama: We can't do anything to harm her beauty, right?

Tama: I was only kidding about taking your house!

Tama: I even gave back your , yen,didn't I? Right? Right?

Tama: Please forgive me!I'll do anything, Master Koichi!

Koi: What? You'll do anything?

Tama: Yes, Master Koichi! Anything! I'll be your underling!

Koi: All right, then...

Koi: Make sure you bring me five hundred grand by tomorrow.

Koi: It's a joke. It's only a little joke.

Tama: Th-That didn't sound like a joke!

Josu: H-Hey, Okuyasu! What the hell is going on here?

Tama: Allow me to carry your bag to school!

Koi: You're seriously going to carry it?

Tama: But of course!

Tama: Master Koichi! You're a true man among men!

Koi: Oh, stop it.

Josu: Hey, Okuyasu!

Oku: Don't ask me! I'm not smart, remember?
Dj: This is Morioh City Radio,and our next segment is

Dj: "Help Me, Midnight Discussions!"

Dj: Our first letter is from "Forever , Pretty Baby."

Dj: "Listen to this, Kai.

Dj: I was late meeting someone because of that thing again.

Dj: Yeah, the one by the station!

Dj: The railroad crossing that never lets you through.

Dj: Ugh, it just goes ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding... It just needs to shut up!"

Dj: Now, calm down, Pretty Baby.

Guy: Oh...

Title: JoJo's Bizarre Adventure

Title: Diamond is Unbreakable

Guy: See ya.

Josu: Seriously?

Title: Episode   Toshikazu Hazamada (Show Off)

Josu: There are Stand users besides us at this school?

Tama: Yeah. He's Toshikazu Hazamada,a student in class -C.

Tama: This Hazamada guy apparently got into

main: ,an argument over something silly with a friend right around the start of spring.

Tama: One of them had insulted the other's favorite idol or anime or something.

Tama: That night, surprisingly, the friend he got into the argument with

Tama: gouged out his own left eye with a mechanical pencil.

Tama: Isn't that insane?

Tama: Apparently Hazamada's friend said this at the hospital:

Tama: "Next thing I knew, I was staring at my left eye, which I'd gouged out, with my right eye."

Josu: So you're saying that this guy gouged out

main: ,his left eye using some kind of a Stand?

Tama: Could be, but maybe not.

Tama: Normal people can't see Stands.

Josu: Something about this is really fishy.

Tama: What'd you say?!

main: ,Josuke, you've got no right to criticize me.

Tama: I've got a real job now, y'know!

Koi: Huh? You've got a job?

Tama: Yes, Master Koichi! I found myself a little job that involves financing.

Koi: Financing?

Koi: You don't mean you became a loan shark, do you?

Tama: Well... It's a very reputable establishment, though!

Josu: Still, though, we can't just ignore this.

Koi: Wait up, Josuke!

Tama: M-Master Koichi!

main: ,Are you going, too?

Tama: Just leave it to that idiot Josuke.

Koi: There's something scary going on in my town.

Koi: If Morioh City is in danger, that means my parents, my sister,

main: ,and everyone else important to me will have to face that danger.

Koi: So even if it's scary, I gotta do something!

Tama: Wh...

Tama: What a tough thing to say.

Tama: Nothing less from the man I've chosen to admire!

Tama: But...

Tama: I'll be heading home now!

Tama: Be safe, Master Koichi!

Guy: Yeah, totally.

Koi: Looks like he's not in the classroom.

Josu: But if that Hazamada guy really did gouge out his friend's eye

Josu: and can still blend into normal school life...

Josu: He must be one creepy guy.

Hazamada_,Sign: Hazamada

Koi: H-Hey, Josuke!

Josu: I'm gonna check out his locker. Watch my back, Koichi.

Koi: Tell me first before you break it!

Josu: For starters... His bag is still here.

Josu: So he's still at school. Be careful.

Koi: R-Right.

Josu: So he's in the tennis club and likes manga.

Josu: Still, this guy's got way too much stuff.

Josu: I don't think the bow and arrow would be in here, but...

Josu: What's this wooden thing?

Josu: A Sta—

Josu: N-No... This is a physical object.

Josu: Is this one of those dolls they sell at art stores for sketching?

Josu: It scared me...

Koi: Huh?!

Koi: What? Why?!

Josu: It turned into me when I touched it.

Josu: But now we know for sure...

Josu: Hazamada is a Stand user!

Josu: This is just great. You've got some nerve, turning into me!

Fake: You've heard of Perman, right?

Koi: I-It talked! It sounds and talks just like him!

Fake: You know the copy robot from Perman?

Fake: Isn't that thing convenient?

Fake: Don't you think it'd be great to have one around?

Josu: Hey, Koichi. What is he talking about?

main: ,What is Perman?

Fake: You haven't heard of Perman?!I can't believe it.

main: ,And you call yourself Japanese?

Josu: Shut up! I'm the one asking the questions here!

Josu: M-My arm!

Koi: Josuke!

fake: But mine is a copy doll that replicatespeople I don't want around.

Fake: Once it copies you, you'llmimic all of its movements.

Fake: Which means it's not a puppet,

Fake: but a puppet master!

Josu: K-Koichi! Move!

Glob,Sfx: Crunch

Josu: Koichi!

Fake: And one rag's been hung out to dry.

Fake: Oh, but I'm not the one who did it. The one who did it was you, his friend.

Josu: Stuff like this

Josu: pisses me off more than anything.

Josu: When you don't do anything yourself,

Josu: but use others to do things for you.

Josu: That makes me want to kick your ass like nothing else!

Fake: That's just great. Tee-hee!

Fake: Looks like you're out of range.

main: ,If you can't move from that spot,your Stand can't get any closer, either.

Fake: Which means if I maintain this distance,

Fake: Josuke, you stand no chance against me!

fake: This Stand's name is Show Off.

fake: By possessing a doll,it has gained a physical form...

Fake: Which means even normal people can see it.

Josu: Hazamada! You!

Fake: My goal is to b*at theout of Jotaro Kujo

Fake: and run him out of this city.

Fake: He's got some nerve!

main: ,An outsider, coming here and trying to dig up dirt on us...

Fake: But I heard that his Star Platinumcan stop time for a second or two.

Fake: There's no one in our group that stands a chance against him.

Fake: That is, no one besides my Show Off,now that it's copied you, Josuke!

Fake: I'll have to knock you out now.

Fake: The genuine article would just be in the way.

Gion,Sfx: Squish!

Fake: Crushed, huh? That's a satisfying sound.

Haza: As long as you didn't cut the nerve,you'll be able to see again...

Haza: If you're lucky.

Fake: Looks like he's gonna be out for a while.

main: ,That was super easy.

Haza: Hey! Pick up my bag.

Haza: We're gonna go straight after Jotaro.

Fake: Easy enough.

Fake: I'm pretty sure the hotel that Jotaro's staying at is...

Gion - Copy (),Sfx: Squish!

Gion - Copy () - Copy,Sfx: Squish!

Fake: Uh...

Haza: The Morioh Grand Hotel.

Fake: Yeah, that's the one.

Josu: K-Koichi!

Josu: Koichi!

Koi: J-Josuke, are you okay?

Josu: Th-Thanks... But man,you've really got some guts.

Josu: Even though you're hurt, you managed to use your Stand to trick him.

Koi: What are you talking about?

Koi: That's only because,

Koi: as soon as I got hit, you fixed my broken bones with Shining Diamond.

Koi: And, uh...

Koi: I'd appreciate it if you could fix the injuries I got from breaking down

main: ,the door and window right after that, too.

Josu: R-Right!

Lady: Hello, this is the Morioh Grand Hotel.

Josu: Oh, uh, could you put me through to Jotaro Kujo in Room ?

Lady: Certainly.

Koi: Ugh! We have to hurry up and tell Jotaro about that Stand!

Lady: Thank you for waiting.

Lady: The line for Room  is currently in use.

Lady: Please wait until the current call is completed.

Josu: The line's in use?

Koi: What?!

Josu: Of course! It must've been the copy!

Josu: It called him before I did!

Jojo: Are you certain, Josuke?

main: ,There's another Stand user at your school?

Fake: Yup! I'll tell you the details at Morioh Station.

Fake: Please come to the station plaza.

Fake: You should be able to get there in fifteen minutes.

Jojo: All right. In front of the station in fifteen minutes.

Fake: Too easy.

Josu: I-It's no use! He's not answering.

Koi: He must have left the room.

main: ,They must have lured him out to meet them somewhere!

Josu: ! We're just gonna have to go after the copy!

Koi: I really couldn't tell the difference between you and the copy.

Josu: Yeah. What really creeped me out

Josu: wasn't when I saw its face.It was the fingers.

Josu: You see your fingers more often every day than your face, right?

Josu: I could tell that it had copied me right down to my fingerprints.

Tama: Oh!

Tama: Josuke, you're early.

Tama: Where's Master Koichi?

Tama: H-Hazamada?!

Tama: What are you doing here?

Haza: Tamami Kobayashi?

Fake: You don't know why we're together?

Tama: N-No, I don't...

Fake: No idea at all?

Tama: No idea! Why?!

Fake: Then...

Fake: Good!

Jojo: Hurry, please.

Josu: We've got to hurry and catch up with Hazamada,

main: ,or Jotaro's gonna be in trouble!

Signtop: Sh

Signtop: Show

Signtop: Show O

Signtop: Show Off

Signbot: Toshi

Signbot: Toshikazu

Signbot: Toshikazu Haza

Signbot: Toshikazu Hazamada

_Minutes_Left_U,Sign: 

_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Mi

_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minu

_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes

_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Le

_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left

_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left Un

_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left Until

_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left Until the

_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left Until the Me

_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left Until the Meet

_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left Until the Meeting

Koi: There'll be trouble if Jotaro meets the copy!

top: ,It'll definitely be bad!

Josu: Yeah.

Josu: I don't know what we should do,but we need to catch up!

Girl: Bye-bye, Josuke!

Girl: See you tomorrow!

Girl: Bye!

Girl: Josuke!

Girl: Bye, Josuke!

Haza: Why are you theonly one they say goodbye to?

Haza: I've never had anyone say that to me.

Haza: All the girls in this school are ugly, anyhow.

Girl: Josuke...

Girl: Hey, read this.

Girl: B-Bye.

Haza: Why did you accept that?Rip this stupid thing up!

Haza:  it... What is the difference between you and me?

Fake: Why does that even matter?

Haza: Wha...

Fake: You don't have any time to waste, do you?

Haza: Who do you think you're talking to?!

Haza: Ow!

Fake: You scraped your hand? That was foolish.

Fake: I'm made of wood, remember?

Haza: Shut up! Get away from me!

Haza:  it, I'm getting annoyed.

Haza: It's my own Stand, but this happens every time.

Haza: The other day, I had it copy my crush, Junko,

Haza: but I got annoyed because it kept doing things to piss me off,

Haza: so I never even got anywhere.

Haza: Doesn't anyone in this world havea decent personality? !

Haza: That stupid Josuke!

Haza: I'll hurry up and take care of Jotaro first,

Haza: then I'll crush him to bits!

Haza: I can't wait!

Bike: My bike!

Bike: It's dirty.

Bike:  it, that foolishass! I'll k*ll him!

Bike: Hey, it's not like he meant it. And he'll hear you.

Bike: Like I care! That's exactly why I said it.

Bike: Wobbling around like that...

Bike: Man, he looks like a dying cricket.

Bike: That's a good metaphor! I like it!

Bike: Yeah? It was a good description, huh?

Bike: Huh? What?

Haza: Hold him, Show Off.

Haza: I'll carve him up myself.

Bike: Wh-What are you doing?

Hza: You don't have to worry about that.

Haza: I'm just going to make sure

main: ,that you'll never be able to open your mouth again.

Bike: S-Stop!

Haza: A shard of glass?

Haza: J-Josuke Higashikata?!

Haza: Why... And the shrimp, too?

main: ,Hazamada!

Josu: We finally caught up with you, assh*le!

Haza: But did you already forget?

Haza: When you come face to face with Show Off, you become a puppet, Josuke!

Haza: Control him, Show Off!

Koi: Don't be so sure about that.

Haza: Wha... That shape...

Josu: I didn't throw that shard to hit you.

Josu: I threw it so I could put it back in its original form!

Smack,Sfx: Swoosh

Fake: M-My right hand!

Fake: It turned back into wood!

Fake: This isn't good, Hazamada!

Haza: Calm down!

main: ,Just pretend you have your hand in your pocket!

Haza: No one will notice!

Haza: The real problem is

Haza: that Jotaro should arrive at the station soon!

Haza: I'm shocked that Josuke was safe,

Haza: but let's give up on b*ating him right now!

Fake: H-Hazamada! Wait for me!

Josu: I see...

main: ,So they're meeting him in front of the station.

Koi: J-Josuke, we have no time to waste!

Koi: The way they went is the fastest way to get to the station!

Josu: And that's why I've got you, Koichi.

Jojo: Looks like Josuke's not here yet.

Haza: Can you see Josuke anywhere?

Fake: Nope.

Fake: If I see any sign of him, I'll just take control of him.

Fake: Don't worry!

Crash,Sfx: Ding Ding Ding Ding

Fake: Hazamada! A train's coming through.

haza: The railroad crossing that never lets you through!

haza: We'll have to wait a minute or two...

haza: All right. We'll go through the station building.

Emergency_Stop__,Sign top: EmergencyStopButton

No_Crossing,Sign bot: No Crossing

Haza: Even if he catches up with us, the train will stall Josuke!

Fake: Just one more minute!

main: ,I'll head over to the meeting spot first!

Haza: I won!

Haza: Huh?

Haza: That's Josuke!

Haza: Wh-What happened to the train?!

Haza: Why's the crossing open?!

Fake: Hazamada, look!

Haza: Wh-What is that Stand?!

Crash,Sfx: Ding Ding Ding Ding

Josu: That was great! You see? That's why I said I've got you.

Oi: Ah! There he is!

Josu: J-Jotaro! It's me, Josuke!

Jojo: Hey.

Koi: We made it in time!

Koi: We got Hazamada good, didn't we, Josuke?

Jojo: Did something happen?

Jojo: A copy?

Jojo: A Stand that copied you down to your fingerprints?

Josu: That's right!

main: ,There would have been trouble if he'd gotten here before me.

Koi: But now we can relax.

Josu: That copy villain is missing his right hand, so it'll be easy.

Josu: I blew off his right hand.

Josu: Use that to tell us apart.

Jojo: All right.

Koi: They should get here at any moment.

Josu: Huh? Why do I have this thing?

Josu: Why did I get a pen out of Jotaro's pocket?

Josu: I-I can't move!

internal/narrator: ,My arm just stopped moving on its own.

Josu: O-On the other side of the glass...

internal/narrator: ,Th-That's...

Haza: Josuke Higashikata...

Haza: You're gonna s*ab Jotaro in the head with that pen and k*ll him instantly.

Haza: After all, if his death isn't instant,your Shining Diamond will just fix him.

Haza: Josuke! This is your fault for getting outta line!

Haza: I was just gonna halfway k*ll Jotaro to chase him out of town.

Haza: But now you're the one who'll k*ll Jotaro!

Haza: It'll be all your fault!

Haza: Now! Let him have it, Show Off!

Josu: J-Jotaro...

Bike: You!

Jojo: Something wrong, Josuke?

Josu: Huh? No...

Josu: Looks like those guys finally found Hazamada.

Bike: You little !

Bike: You were just across the pedestrian bridge at the station, just like that Josuke said.

Bike: He's a great guy.

Bike: He treated our wounds, and I'm not even sure how, but they're all better!

Bike: I'll make sure I pay you back in full for earlier.

Bike: Let's take a little trip behind the restroom.

Josu: That Stand is pretty terrifying if it catches you.

Josu: Well, I guess I'll break this doll now.

Josu: It'll make me feel better.

Nar: Meanwhile, unknown to anyone else,

Nar: Tamami was admitted to the hospital.

Chili: What a fool!

Chili: Well, you have my condolences.
Oku: So that guy, Hazamada, says

Oku: he doesn't know anything about the electric villain

Oku: that k*lled my big bro?

Josu: Yeah. He said he's only ever talked to him on the phone.

Oku: And you believed him, Josuke? Did you t*rture him?

Josu: If Hazamada actually knew who that guy was,

Josu: he would probably havealready come to silence him.

Oku: R-Right... Just like my big bro.

Josu: Yeah. Seeing as how Hazamada is alive,that proves he really doesn't know.

Josu: But Hazamada did say this...

Haza: Stand users, for some reason, seem to be unknowingly drawn to one another,

flashback: ,even if they don't know each other.

Haza: They say that you're bound to the person that you're going

flashback: ,to marry by the red string of fate, right?

Haza: It's sort of like that.

flashback: ,You just end up eventually meeting them.

Haza: They might be an enemy, a friend, the guy who steps on your foot on the bus,

Haza: or someone who just moved in next door.

Haza: You just don't know.

Haza: Morioh's not very big...

flashback: ,I don't know how many Stand users are in this town right now,

Haza: but no matter how they try to hide, they'll eventually show themselves.

Haza: He knows that's going to happen eventually.

Haza: He wants you to disappear.

Oku:  it.

Oku: What a coward.

Oku: He needs to att*ck us already!

Josu: But that also means that he's cautious.

Josu: When guys like that att*ck,

Josu: it's probably only when they're certain they're going to win.

Oku: Oh?

Oku: Hey, that's Koichi.

Josu: Why's he trying to act all cool, drinking tea?

Oku: Hey, Ko—

Oku: What?!

Oku: A... A girl?!

Title: JoJo's Bizarre Adventure

Title: Diamond is Unbreakable

Title: Episode   Yukako Yamagishi Falls in Love, Part 

Yuka: Koichi, was me asking you to come here, um...

Yuka: a bother?

Koi: Huh? No, it's not a bother...

Koi: But I was wondering what you needed.

Josu: Wow, so Koichi's with a girl...

Oku: That chick's in my class! Her name is Yukako Yamagishi.

Oku: All right! Let's get a bit closer!

Koi: If you wanted to see my notes on some homework,

main: ,my grades aren't that good, and my handwriting's messy.

Koi: If it's money, I can probably manage about , yen...

Koi: Or did you want me to switch weekly duties with you?

Yuka: That's not what this is about.

Koi: Huh? It's not? Then what is it?

Koi: If you need someone to take in a kitten or a puppy,

Koi: we've already got a foolish dog named Police at home.

Yuka: Koichi!

Yuka: I'm just going to come out and say it.

Yuka: Koichi...

Yuka: I'm in love with you, Koichi.

Koi: Huh?

Oku: What?!

Koi: U-Um... Uh, um... Wh-What?!

Yuka: You're the only thing I think about all day, Koichi.

Yuka: I've been so afraid to express these feelings...

Yuka: But if I don't, I feel like my chest is going to burst.

Yuka: I don't mind if you hate me.

main: ,I just thought I'd be brave and tell you.

Koi: Wh-What is going on? Did someone just confess her love to me?!

Koi: To me?!

Koi: I can't believe it, but she did just say that, right?

Koi: I-I'm so happy...

Oku: Why is it Koichi? You can't be serious! Come on!

Oku: Even I've never had anyone tell me that!

Josu: You don't have to cry about it.

Josu: But seriously? I'm surprised, Koichi...

Yuka: I'm sure that you must have a girlfriend, Koichi...

Koi: Huh? I-I don't...

Koi: But, um... Are you making fun of me?

Yuka: I'm serious!

Yuka: Koichi, your face has gotten sharper lately.

Yuka: You look like a man with courage and conviction.

Yuka: But you're also so cute when you smile.

Josu: Yeah, she's definitely got a point.

Oku: My face is pretty sharp too, isn't it?

Yuka: I think the best thing about a man is his future.

Yuka: And Koichi, your future is shining.

Koi: Wh-When you speak that highly of me...

Yuka: I'm sure you must hate girls like me that aren't cute.

Koi: Huh? Not cute? That's not true...

Oku:  it, she is cute!

Oku: Just say yes already!

main: ,That one has all the luck!

Yuka: Do you hate me?

Koi: Huh? Uh, n-no, I don't, but...

Yuka: Then do you love me?

Koi: Huh? Wait a sec... It's just that, um...

Yuka: So you do hate me...

Koi: Huh? That's not it!

main: ,It's just, when you ask me that so suddenly—

Yuka: Which is it?! Do you love me or don't you?!

Yuka: Just answer me already!I've already told you so much!

Yuka: I spilled my coffee! This is all your fault!

Yuka: Um... I just got all worked up...I-I'm sorry. I'm just...

Yuka: By the way, you will come see me again, right?

Oku: Y-You know... I feel like a balloon that's been deflated.

Oku: All my jealousy just flew away somewhere.

Josu: Y-Yeah...

Josu: Let's just pretend we never saw anything.

main: ,Yeah.

Koi: What's wrong with this cola?!

Koi: Th-Th-There's so much... hair in it!

Josu: Stand users are drawn to one another...

Josu: Nah, it couldn't be.

Chemistry_Lab,Sign: Chemistry Lab

Yuka: It's me, Koichi.

Koi: Y-Yukako!

Yuka: What are you doing?

Koi: Um, as you can see,it's my turn to clean the lab.

Koi: Fourth period was chemistry lab.

Yuka: Ah...

Yuka: Koichi...

Uka: I said some weird things yesterday.

Yuka: Would you just forget all that?

Yuka: I get that way when I think too hard.It's so embarrassing.

Yuka: People are supposed to be more broad-minded.

Koi: Uh, r-right...

Koi: It was a little surprising,b-but I didn't think anything of it...

Yuka: Will you still be friends with me?

Koi: O-Of course! I would be honored, yes!

Yuka: Thank goodness.

Yuka: I was so worried about what I'd do if you hated me,

main: ,I couldn't sleep all night.

Koi: That's a bit dramatic.

Yuka: And to make it up to you... Here.

Yuka: I was up until this morning knitting this for you, Koichi.

Yuka: Thank goodness! It's a perfect fit!

Yuka: I knew your height and chest size, butI was worried how it would fit your shoulders.

Charm,Sign: Charm

Yuka: I made you a good luck charm, too...

Yuka: In hopes that you'll find a wonderful love.

Yuka: I also prepared lunch so we could eat it together...

Yuka: I bought this shrimp at the fish market this morning.

Yuka: You can't find this freshness at a store.

Yuka: See this flounder meuniere?

main: ,I personally took out all of the bones, one by one, with tweezers.

Yuka: Here. Say, "Ah."

Yuka: Ahh...

Koi: There's one thing I know now...

Koi: Yukako Yamagishi, to be completely honest, is extremely strange!

Yuka: Ahh...

Koi: I have to hurry up and turn her down!

internal/narrator: ,B-But if I eat this, it'll be like saying yes...

main: ,Ahh!

Koi: But if I refuse it, she'll probably get mad.

Koi: What should I do?!

Girl: Hirose!

Girl: Why are you wasting time?

Girl: You need to hurry up and throw this garbage away before class starts.

Koi: I-I'm saved!

Koi: R-Right! Right!

Koi: I-I'd better go throw it away.

girl: Ugh, you're useless.

Girl: Here, give me that.

Girl: I'll hold half of it for you.

Koi: Huh? N-No, I'd feel bad...

Girl: Just give it to me!

Girl: I'm the class rep, so I'm the one who'll get yelled at.

main: ,Ah!

Koi: S-Sorry...

Yuka: Hey, you.

Yuka: Would you stop bothering Koichi?

Girl: Koichi? You mean Koichi Hirose?

Girl: I haven't the slightest idea what you're talking about.

Yuka: I know what you're doing.

main: ,The stench of a homewrecker is all over you.

Girl: Homewrecker?! What are you talking about?

Yuka: Listen well. If you ever come close to Koichi again,

Yuka: I'll make sure you regret it.

Girl: Just one second.

Girl: I tried to be classy about this, but...

Girl: Koichi Hirose?

Girl: I couldn't care less about him!

Girl: You have no right to tell me what the hell I can or can't do!

Girl: foolishass!

Girl: Ow!

Girl: What was that?

Girl: What is her problem?!

Girl: She's not right in the head. She actually likes Hirose?

Girl: Hmph. Hilarious. I'll tell the whole school!

Girl: Huh?

Girl: What is that?

Girl: Something's hot... Something's wrong.

main: ,Something's not right...

Girl: It's insanely hot...

Girl: W-Water!

Girl: S-Someone! I need w-wa...

Oku: Hey, Josuke...

Oku: Looks like Yukako Yamagishi really was a Stand user.

Oku: Her Stand has hair that moves.

Josu: Yeah. But it doesn't seem like she'san enemy, or going to att*ck Koichi.

Josu: By the way, Okuyasu, what are you gonna do about her hair?

Josu: I can't fix something after your The Hand takes it away.

Oku: She can't complain. I saved her from getting burnt to a crisp.

Oku: Sorry, but I'm not a beautician.

Signtop: Re

Signtop: Rev

Signtop: Rever

Signtop: Reverb

Signbot: Ko

Signbot: Koichi

Signbot: Koichi Hiro

Signbot: Koichi Hirose

Koi: What am I gonna do?

Year_____Englis,Sign: Year     English Exam    Answer Sheet

Quiz________Koi,Sign: Quiz      Koichi Hirose

Koi: This is my English test from earlier.

Koi: I'm worrying so much about Yukako,I can't concentrate on anything else.

Oku: Even I did better! I only got  points, though.

Koi: To be honest, I was a little happy at first.

Koi: I'd never had a girl tell me she loved me before.

Oku: I get that. I totally get that! So much it hurts!

Koi: But I'm the one who let it come to this by not being up-front with her.

Koi: I'm thinking about telling her straight

Koi: that I don't like her or anything, so she needs to leave me alone.

Josu: That's not a good idea, Koichi.

Josu: If you say that, you're only going to add fuel to the flames of Yukako's passion.

Josu: You'll piss her off.

Koi: Y-You think so?

Josu: Of course! Listen.

main: ,Convincing Yukako Yamagishi not to use her Stand of hair for evil will have to wait.

Josu: Right now, we have to figure out how to make her not hate you.

Koi: But how?

Josu: No matter how strongly she feels about you,

Josu: if she gets an idea in her head that you're a disenchanting, horrible, boring guy,

Josu: everything will be happily ever after, right?

Koi: Y-Yeah...

Josu: So you've just got to act thatway on purpose in front of her.

Oku: Yeah, that totally makes sense!

Oku: You're so smart, Josuke.

Josu: Thanks!

Josu: But hearing that from you doesn't make me feel better.

Koi: I wonder what I need to do to make Yukako think I'm terrible.

Josu: Well, most girls aren't intobad hygiene or mama's boys.

Koi: I-I don't want her to think I'm a mama's boy!

Koi: She might get mad at mymom and put her in danger!

Oku: Then it's bad hygiene for you!

Oku: Starting today, no more baths.

Koi: Huh?!

Josu: Yeah, and don't brush your teethor change your underwear.

Oku: How about getting some lice or spiders in your hair?

Josu: Having smelly socks is pretty bad.

Oku: Maybe you should fart everywhere.

Josu: Yeah, she'll totally hate that!

Koi: Stop messing around! I'm serious about this!

Oku: I'm being serious, too!

main: ,You need a snotty nose and some drool, too.

Koi: What?!

Josu: If you don't want to do that, then you need to become a guy

main: ,who seems like he doesn't have a future.

Josu: You need to make her give up on you.

Josu: We'll help you out. All right?

Koi: Okay...

Josu: What? Koichi Hirose did that? Unbelievable!

Josu: He was really shoplifting? That's awful.

Oku: Yeah! Koichi said so himself.

Oku: He was talking about it like he was proud of it.

Josu: You know what else?Koichi never keeps his promises.

Josu: I lent him money, and he never paid me back.

Oku: He cheats on his testsand steals girls' underwear.

Oku: He's got no future. He's gonna bring about his own downfall.

Josu: I'm gonna stop hanging out with him.

Oku: I'll cut ties with him, too.

Oku: Man, that girl is intense.

Josu: Now as long as Koichi confirms he did all of this stuff by tomorrow,

Josu: she'll give up.

Koi: Josuke, Okuyasu...

Koi: I hope they did a good job with all that stuff.

Koi: I hope she actually gives up on me.

Koi: What is that?

Koi: My eyes are closed... Is this a dream?

Koi: A woman?

Koi: I-It's Yukako!

Koi: I can't believe this. She's even showing up in my dreams...

Koi: I can't rest at all!

Yuka: It appears that your friends don't think too highly of you, Koichi.

Yuka: But don't worry. You have me.

Yuka: I'll properly discipline you and make you into a fine man.

Yuka: You have something that other men don't.

Yuka: You must live up to that potential.

Koi: J-Josuke! This totally backfired!

Koi: Where am I?

Yuka: Koichi, are you hungry?

Yuka: Breakfast will be ready shortly.

Koi: O-Okay...

Koi: She has that hair Stand...

Koi: I'm going to have to wait for a chance to run.

Koi: That's my only hope!

Koi: Th-There's something I want to ask you.

Yuka: Yes?

Koi: Your hair last night... Wh-What was that?

Yuka: Did that startle you?

Yuka: Of course. I guess anyone who suddenly saw that would be.

Yuka: Around February of this year,

Yuka: someone sh*t an arrow through my chest.

Yuka: No, that might have been a dream.

Yuka: When I woke up, my wound was healed, and I was able to do that...

Koi: Keicho Nijimura!

koi: D-Do you know anyone else who can do anything like that?

Yuka: No.

Koi: She hasn't realized that I'm a Stand user!

Yuka: Now, have a seat. You're a growing boy.

Yuka: If you don't get proper nourishment,

Yuka: you can't become a fine man for me.

Koi: I-I just need to play along with her for now.

Koi: Wow, this looks delicious! I'm digging in!

Yuka: You're not eating just yet, Koichi.

English_Exam____,Sign: English Exam    Answer Sheet

Koichi_Hirose,Sign: Koichi Hirose

Yuka: You got a  on your English exam.

Yuka: Even if a man is more than just his brains, this is just awful.

Yuka: I've decided to have you study while you eat.

Yuka: Understand?

Yuka: I'm going to give you some questions.

Yuka: You'll choose the correct answer from boxes A, B, and C,

main: ,and you'll eat what's inside your chosen box.

Koi: W-Wait a sec...

Yuka: You're going to do this!

main: ,While you live in this house, everything we do must be for your betterment!

Yuka: Right?

Yuka: Here's your question.

Yuka: Prince often sings the lyric "funky music." What does that mean in Japanese?

Wild_Music,Sign: Wild Music

Yuka: A: Wild music.

Yuka: B: Primitive music.

Primeval_Music,Sign: Primitive Music

Yuka: C: Fantasy music.

Fantasy_Music,Sign: Fantasy Music

Koi: I-If I disobey, I'll be in trouble...

internal/narrator: ,B-But I have no idea what the answer is.

Koi: I have a feeling it's A,but B and C also sound right.

Koi: Whatever, I'll just pick one.

Koi: I think it's B...

Yuka: Squee! You're right!

Yuka: I'm so happy! This box contains boiled eggs!

Uka: I'll peel them for you. You want some salt, right?

Yuka: By the way, if you had chosen box A, I would have had you eat this eraser.

Wild_Music,Sign: Wild Music

Koi: Huh?!

Yuka: Box C contained soap.

Koi: Wh-What?!

Yuka: Next, you'll be able to eat bacon and eggs. Do your best.

Yuka: Question:  How is "contrast" (taisho) written in Japanese?

Yuka: Is it taisho A, taisho B, or taisho C?

Missing_Missing_,Sign: Taisho

Missing_Missing_,Sign: Taisho

Missing_Missing_,Sign: Taisho

Koi: Sh-She's serious...

Koi: If I choose the wrong box, she'll definitely make me eat what's in there...

Yuka: Come on, hurry up and answer!

Yuka: The food will get cold.

Koi: U-Um, uh...

Koi: What am I going to do? This is ridiculous...

Koi: I-I think it's C...

Yuka: Koichi, you just chose your answer bywatching the look on my face, didn't you?

Koi: Huh?!

Yuka: So the rumors about you being someone

main: ,who's sneaky and shoplifts and cheats on his tests is true!

Yuka: As punishment, I'll have you eat both A and B.

Yuka: A is English vocabulary corn flakes.

Yuka: B is asparagus wrapped in pages from an English dictionary.

Yuka: I'm going to make sure you learn while you eat!

Yuka: Here!

Yuka: Open your mouth! I'll feed it to you.

Yuka: What's the matter? Eat!

Koi: No way! You expect me to put up with this?! I can't take it anymore!

Koi: I'm outta here!

Koi: I-I'm being pulled! By my scalp!

Koi: Th-There's moving hair mixed in!

Yuka: That's right. I had planted a few hundred strands of my hair in your scalp.

Yuka: Koichi,

Yuka: you may come to hate me.

Yuka: But once you leave this house,

main: ,you'll see a much better man in the mirror,

Yuka: and I know you'll thank me.

Yuka: You'll realize that you need a woman like me in your life.

Yuka: You won't be able to live without Yukako Yamagishi.

Yuka: And just so you know, until you finish eating plates A and B,

Yuka: you won't be getting the next dish.

Yuka: This is some company president's holiday villa.

main: ,No one will come here until summer.

Koi: S-Summer?!

Yuka: Even then,

Yuka: it doesn't matter if anyone comes...

Yuka: Because love is invincible.

Koi: H-Help me!
Oku: Hey, apparently Koichi's family doesn't know, either.

Oku: They were talking about possibly calling the police.

Josu: So he is missing. And since Yukako isn't here, either...

Oku: I sort of feel responsible.

Oku: You don't think he's dead, do you?

Josu: Nah, I doubt she's gone that far yet.

main: ,She must be keeping him somewhere.

Josu: We need to find him, and fast.

Josu: This might end up being a life or death situation.

Koi: It won't open!

Koi: This is awful!

Q___What_year_di,Sign: Q.What year did Columbusdiscover the new continent?The answer is the lock's combination.

Koi: It was also a movie title, wasn't it?

Koi: But it looked really long, so I didn't watch it.

Koi: I've almost got it...

Koi: , , , ...

Koi: Um...

Title: JoJo's Bizarre Adventure

Title: Diamond is Unbreakable

Title: Episode   Yukako Yamagishi Falls in Love, Part 

Yuka: I washed your underwear and your pajama pants for you.

Yuka: What's wrong?

Yuka: I won't know if you don't say anything.

Koi: I-I'm a first-year in high school...

main: ,This is just the worst.

Koi: This goes beyond being embarrassed.I feel like an awful human being.

Koi: Please, stop this already.

Koi: You hate me now, don't you?

Koi: You think I'm pathetic, don't you?

Koi: Just let me go home already.

Koi: What could you possibly like about me, after I peed my pants?

Yuka: Oh, you poor thing, Koichi.

Yuka: I must be tormenting your heart.

Yuka: I'm a bad girl.

Koi: Nothing I say does any good!

Koi: I-I can feel tears starting to well up...

Koi: First I wet my pants, and now I'm getting wet with tears?

Yuka: But Koichi...

Yuka: After saying that you're an awful human being,

Yuka: I can see something shining, something invigorating, deep in your eyes.

Yuka: Like you still have a Tr*mp card hidden up your sleeve.

Yuka: That's what I like about you.

Yuka: I would love to see what that is.

Yuka: And if it belongs to someone you love,

main: ,there's nothing wrong with even poop or snot, right?

Yuka: It's strange that you'd even worry.

Yuka: I felt true bliss while I was washing your pants.

Yuka: Look!

Yuka: I'm working on a chair that has electricity running through it.

Yuka: I'll make sure it's done by dinner study time.

Yuka: I'm thinking about making Italian for dinner.

Yuka: I should go buy some olive oil.

Yuka: Look forward to it.

Koi: H-Help me!

Koi: She's just getting worse!

internal/narrator: ,I have to hurry and escape,

Koi: o-or she's seriously going to k*ll me!

Koi: But...

Koi: How am I going to escape?

Oku: Koichi's got Reverb, though.

Oku: With that thing, he can still call for help even if he's being gagged, right?

Josu: But Reverb's range is about  meters.

Josu: He might've been taken to a place where no one else lives nearby.

Oku: There are tons of places like that.

Koi: Wait!

Koi: She said she was going to buy some olive oil.

Koi: But I can't imagine her going out shopping in this situation.

Koi: Is she going to order by phone, then?

Koi: Could it be...

Koi: There it is! A pay phone!

Koi:  meters! Yes!

Koi: It's just within my range!

Oi: Reverb is a sound Stand!

Koi: Now I can signal Josuke for help.

Koi: I don't have any  yen coins!

Koi: I was wearing pajamas when I was brought here.

Koi: Should I dial ?

Koi: But that woman might actually k*ll the police.

Koi: I'm just going to have tocontact Josuke somehow!

Yuka: You were wondering if there was a pay phone nearby, weren't you?

Koi: Y-Yukako...

Yua: I know exactly what you're thinking.

Yuka: You heard me say that I was going to get some olive oil,

main: ,so there must be a pay phone nearby.

Yuka: But even if you were to get to it, you don't have any  yen coins.

Yuka: That's what you were thinking, right?

Koi: I-Is there a pay phone?

Yuka: Hmph. Playing foolish, I see.

Yuka: You should abandon the idea of trying to call someone.

Yuka: You wont be able to setfoot outside of this house.

Yuka: Just in case, I'm going to go destroy the  button on the phone.

Yuka: Is there anything that you'd like?

Koi: N-No, not really...

Koi: Wh-What is wrong with her?!

Koi: I guess it's no use... I can't contact anyone...

Beep_Boop_Beep_B,Sfx: BeepBoopBeepBoopBeep

Yuka: What are these letters?

Yuka: There's suddenly sound coming from my hand...

Yuka: It's calling somewhere!

Yuka: I haven't even dialed the phone number yet.

Josu: Hello? This is Higashikata.

Koi: It connected!

Koi: As long as the call sounds go through, calls on those phones will be connected.

Josu: Hello, is this Koichi? Hey! It's me, Josuke!

Josu: Koichi, where are you?

Josu: What? I can hear the sound of waves...

Yuka: Koichi, you...

Yuka: You have a power like I do, don't you?

Koi: Yes! Now Josuke will definitely come here!

Koi: It'll only take  to  minutes by car.

Koi: I just have to survive until then!

Koi: N-No matter what!

Josu: The sound of waves... A pay phone...

Josu: The place Koichi is...

Josu: It's gotta be here!

Yuka: Koichi.

Yuka: Koichi!

Koi: She's coming back!

main: ,I-I've got no choice but to fight!

Yuka: Open the door, Koichi.

Koi: Wh-Why don't you just break the door down?

Koi: If Josuke sees a broken door, he'll definitely think something's wrong.

Yuka: I'm very happy right now.

Yuka: I'm so happy that you have powers like I do, Koichi.

Yuka: Though it pisses me off that you were hiding that from me.

Yuka: But I'm still very happy.

Yuka: Because the most important thing for a man and a woman living together

Yuka: is love, and having the same goals and values, right?

Yuka: We have something in common that no one else has.

Yuka: We have the ultimate compatibility.

Yuka: So please, Koichi...

Yuka: Open the door.

Yuka: I told you to open the door. Hurry up and open the door!

I_hate_you,Sign: I hate you

I_hate_you,Sign: I hate you

Reve: I hate you! I hate you! I hate you!I hate you! I hate you!

Koi: Th-The ultimate compatibility?!

top: ,I hate you! I hate you! I hate you!I hate you! I hate you!

main: ,Can't you tell how much I don't want to be here?!

Koi: That sound won't go away until you cry, apologize, and give up on me.

Yuka: What is this? I don't hear any of this.

Reve: I hate you—

Koi: Huh?!

Koi: Th-This is...

Koi: nothing like that time with Tamami.

Koi: Her delusions are way too strong!

Koi: I had no idea sh-she'd be this stubborn...

Yuka: I finally found out that we've been bound by the one

main: ,and only red thread in this world.

Yuka: Some people never find it at all.

Yuka: Don't you understand how wonderful that is?

Yuka: Koichi...

Yuka: I was going to try to make you into a fine man,

Yuka: but now things are different.

Yuka: I won't let you leave this houseuntil you fall in love with me.

Yuka: I will make you love me!

Yuka: Or else...

Yuka: I might just k*ll you.

Koi: I can't let her in here, no matter what...

Koi: I need to att*ck her with Reverb one more time!

Koi: If I try harder, I'll be able to produce a louder sound than before.

Koi: Reverb!

Koi: Something's wrong with Reverb...

Koi: Reverb!

Koi: It's not moving!

Koi: D-Did it die?

Koi: Did my Stand die of utter despair?

Koi: Reverb is dead!

Signtop: Re

Signtop: Rev

Signtop: Rever

Signtop: Reverb

Signbot: Ko

Signbot: Koichi

Signbot: Koichi Hiro

Signbot: Koichi Hirose

Koi: N-No! M-My...

Oi: My Reverb isn't moving at all!

Oi: Stands use mental ability to move.

Koi: I pushed it too far, and then it got too worked up and d*ed!

Koi: My Reverb...

Yuka: What?!

Yuka: Wh-What is that?

Yuka: It's called a "Stand"?

Yuka: What is that Stand?

Yuka: This shoe cabinet is in my way!

Koi: I-I'm going to be k*lled!

Koi: If she comes in the door and catches me,then sooner or later, I'll be k*lled!

Yuka: Open up, Koichi!

Koi: Don't come through that door!

Koi: If only that door would blow her far away...

Yuka: It's gone! It's just an empty shell.

Yuka: Where did you put it?

Koi: Huh?

Yuka: I'm asking what happened to the thing inside that!

Koi: Huh?!

Yuka: Th...

Koi: That's...

Koi: Wh-What is this? My Reverb

Koi: i-isn't dead!

Koi: Did it emerge from its oldshell into a new form?

Yuka: What is this?

Yuka: The design's only changed a little, and it shrank.

Yuka: Just changing its shape won't make any difference!

Koi: I-It's fast!

Yuka: Wh-What is

Yuka: this wind?!

Bam,Sfx: Bam

Koi: Sh-She got blown away!

Koi: I'm not sure how, but she just got blown away by something like wind!

Yuka: Wh-What just...

Yuka: happened to me?

Koi: Reverb's letters are on the door...

Fwoosh,Sfx: Fwoosh

Fwoosh,Sfx: Fwoosh

Koi: Because she touched the door with these words on it, they became real.

Fwoosh,Sfx: Fwoosh

Koi: The sensation of "Fwoosh"actually blew her away.

Koi: Earlier, I wished this door would blow her away...

Koi: I guess I was unknowingly controlling it.

Koi: This is the new Reverb!

Koi: Reverb Act !

Yuka: Koichi...

Teioh,Sign: Teioh

Yuka: It's those two...

Josu: If it's a place near the sea with a lot of uninhabited houses,

main: ,it has to be this area with all the villas.

Oku: But there are, like, dozens of villas around here.

Oku: We can't tell which one it is.

Josu: We have to find the pay phone!Koichi called us from one.

Josu: Let's find the pay phone first andthen look at the houses near it.

Oku: Yeah.

Yuka: Cute little Koichi belongs to me.

Yuka: I won't let anyone else have him.

Koi: You probably shouldn't come any closer, Yukako.

Koi: I can tell for myself

main: ,that you can't b*at my Reverb Act 's abilities.

Koi: You won't be able to keep me here.

Yuka: My left eyelid is starting to twitch.

Yuka: Ever since I was little,my orbicularis oculi muscle would

main: ,start twitching when I got worked up,

Yuka: and I'd start to feel a bit violent.

Yuka: Don't you get up on your high horse just because

main: ,you've obtained a slightly different ability!

Yuka: I'm going to have to get violent now!

Yuka: Hot!

Yuka: H-How dare you?!

Yuka: My hand got burnt! You little !

Koi: When you said you were going to get violent,

main: ,did you mean how you're talking right now?

Yuka: How dare you do this to me?!

main: ,You're just a baby chick!

Yuka: You belong to me!

Yuka: You belong to me, but you dare defy me?!

Yuka: Even though you belong to me?!

Koi: Reverb Act !

Koi: I missed?

Oku: Hey, Josuke.

Josu: I heard it.

main: ,That was the sound of something breaking.

Oku: Hey, I think it's that house.

Koi: T-To think that her hairwould grow this much...

main: ,Her mental ability is too strong.

Koi: Mental ability that's completely black and vindictive...

Yuka: Was yours called Reverb?

Yuka: Now that I know what it does,it's not impressive at all.

Yuka: I just need to make sure I don'ttouch those letters, right?

Yuka: By the way, I'll ask you one more time...

Yuka: You love me, right?

Yuka: Just try to say that you don't love me.

Yuka: I'll rip you and this houseapart right here, right now.

Yuka: If you die, you'll be mine forever,

Yuka: because you'll live on in my heart as a memory forever.

Yuka: Hurry up and answer me!

Koi: I'm in this mess right now because

main: ,you wouldn't understand when I told you.

Koi: I've been telling you that I don't like you

Koi: all this time.

Yuka: I'll k*ll you, Koichi!

Dogon,Sfx: Dogon

Koi: I've also already told you

Koi: that you won't be able to catch me.

Koi: You've touched the letters that will blow you away.

Koi: Those letters are on me,the one you called a .

Koi: Her hair turned white!

Koi: She's not dead, is she?

Koi: She's alive!

Koi: Even though she's crazy and downright nasty,

Koi: I suppose I should be happy about this.

Yuka: I wasn't able to catch you...

Yuka: But I figured out that all I need to do is destroy your Stand!

Yuka: Impudent brat!

Yuka: foolishass!

Koi: I-I can't believe you can still att*ck...

Koi: Your mental ability is insane!

Yuka: Shut up!

Yuka: How dare you, you little pissy-pants?!

Yuka: How dare you do this to me?!

Yuka: My precious hair turned white,

Yuka: you limp-dicked villain!

Yuka: I loved you!

Yuka: But I can't forgive you for doing this to my beautiful hair!

Yuka: I don't care who you are! I won't forgive you if you harm my beauty!

Yuka: I'm gonna rip off this pissy-pants' little dickand pull out his organs along with it!

Koi: S-Stop...

Yuka: Shut up!

main: ,You're gonna end up like that, too, aren't you?!

Yuka: What? What was that noise just now?

Kkoi: Let go of my Reverb and grab hold of something.

main: ,The cliff is going to crumble.

Koi: When Reverb heard the sound of your heart,

main: ,it also heard the sound of the ground cracking.

Yuka: Hah! Don't make upjust because you think it'll save you!

Yuka: I have to let go of this thing and grab on to something!

Yuka: !

Yuka: I-I don't have... time!

Boingy_Boing,Sfx: Boingy-Boing

Boingy_Boing,Sfx: Boingy-Boing

Koi: It crumbled, just like I said, right?

Koi: But you don't understand anything I say, do you?

Yuka: You mean you had written it there already?

Yuka: When I was trying to rip Reverb apart...

Yuka: You put those letters on that rock beneath the cliff?

Yuka: You mean that while I was trying to k*ll Koichi,

Yuka: he was already trying to think of how to save me?

Yuka: I-I've lost completely.

Yuka: No, I lost the moment I first saw Koichi.

Oku: Hey, Koichi! Are you alive?

Josu: Are you all right, Koichi?!

Koi: Josuke! Okuyasu!

Koi: Took you long enough to get here! Ah!

Yuka: B-But I love him even more now.

Yuka: I don't care if he completely ignores me.

Yuka: I'm happy just thinking

Yuka: about you, Koichi!

Oku: Hey, look over there! Is that Yukako?

Oku: Her hair's gone completely white!

Josu: Whoa, you're right.

Oku: But isn't that chick smiling like she couldn't be any happier?

Oku: And she's looking right this way.

Koi: Huh?!

Josu: You're right. That's creepy as hell.

Oku: Let's get outta here!

Koi: Save me, Josuke!

Josu: Don't depend on me!

Guy: Well, I'll be . Did you see that, Masaji?

Masa: I ain't drunk, Gramps!

Morioh_City_Land,Sign: Morioh Landmark Cape Boingy-BoingDirections: Ask one of the local fishermen, "Where's Cape Boingy-Boing?"They will kindly take you there by boat.

Nar: Boingy-Boing Cape.

Nar: It seems it grew famous due to a rumor

Nar: that some fishermen saw a young girl try to k*ll herself,

Nar: only for a rock in the cape to go"boingy-boing" and gently fling her back.

Teach: Hirose!

Teach: You worked really hard on this exam.

Teach: You can do it if you try.

English_Exam____,Sign: English Exam        Answer Sheet

Test_________Ko,Sign: Test         Koichi Hirose

Koi: I don't...

Koi: know how I should feel about this.
Oku: Man, I'm hungry.

Oku: After we visit Big Bro's grave, let's get something to eat, Josuke.

Josu: I'm not hungry.

Italian_Cuisine_,Sign: Italian CuisineTrendy Meters to the Left

Oku: There's a new Italian restaurant. Apparently it's just ahead.

Josu: Just ahead is the cemetery.

main: ,No one would come to eat at a restaurant in a place like this.

Oku: Josuke, I think that might actually be what brings people in.

Oku: The flavor must be like,"Oh, man! I can't stop drooling!"

Oku: Let's go! Let's go!

Josu: Is this it?

Trendy,Sign: Trendy

Josu: I thought this was an empty building...

Oku: Maybe they remodeled it. It looks nice.

Josu: What? "Depends on the customer"?

Today_s_Course__,Sign: Today's CourseDepends on the CustomerWith Coffee & DessertFrom , yen

Oku: The inside looks nice, too!

Tonio: Welcome.

Title: Episode   Let's Go Eat Some Italian Food

Tonoi: Two of you?

Tonio: Come, have a seat.

Oku: Uh... Thanks...

Tonio: Please.

Josu: R-Right...

Oku: Um, are you a foreigner?

Tonio: Si, Signore. I'm Italian.

Tonio: My name is Tonio Trendy. Please call me Tonio.

Oku: Well, this is great! We get to eat authentic Italian food!

Tonio: I have traveled the world.

Tonio: I've studied various cuisines to better the cuisine of my motherland.

Tonio: Then I came to Japan hoping to get my chance.

Tonio: Morioh is a wonderful place.

Tonio: There are plenty of farms where you can get fresh produce,

main: ,and the seafood is wonderful, as well.

Tonio: I love it very much.

Tonio: Using the ingredients that Morioh has to offer,

main: ,I will bring you food that will make you feel your best.

Oku: Nice! I wonder what I should get.

main: ,Could we hurry up and get the menu?

Tonio: Menu?

Tonio: We don't have a menu here.

Oku: What do you mean you don't have a menu?

Tonio: Because what I serve depends on the customer.

Oku: So show me the menu.

Tonio: No, no! It means that I will determine the dishes by looking at the customers.

Oku: What?

main: ,You mean you're not going to let the customer eat what they want? Huh?

Tonio: You had diarrhea last night, didn't you?

main: ,Your intestinal walls are inflamed.

main: ,And you didn't sleep enough. You only slept about four hours, didn't you?

Tonio: No wonder your eyes are so puffy.

Tonio: Let me see your left hand, too.

main: ,Yes, yes... You have athlete's foot on your right foot.

main: ,You have two cavities and your left shoulder is stiff, right?

Oku: H-How do you know all that?!

main: ,That's all correct!

Tonio: By looking at both of your hands, I know everything about your health.

Tonio: Oh, I'm sorry!

Tonio: What about you, signore?

Josu: Yeah, I'm not really hungry, so just coffee is fine.

Josu: I'll have a cappuccino.

Tonio: Ho capito.

Josu: Healthy food that concentrates too much on being healthy

main: ,usually doesn't taste good.

Josu: If it tastes even a little bad,we don't have to pay.

main: ,We can complain and leave.

Oku: Right.

Oku: J-Josuke...

Oku: This water... No, is this mineral water?

Josu: What's up?

Oku: I-I've never had water this delicious before!

Oku: It's like... water filled with elegance...

main: ,It's like the water a princess in the Alps playing a harp would drink, perhaps.

Oku: It's so soothing.

Oku: Like the first water you drink after wandering in the desert for three days.

Josu: Y-You're right! This is great!

Oku: So good!

Whew,Sfx: Whew

Josu: You're right. This is delicious.

main: ,What brand of water is this?

Oku: Th-This water is so delicious that I'm about to cry.

Josu: Hey, you don't have to cry just from drinking some water.

Oku: Maybe it's because it's so pure.

main: ,Do you have a handkerchief? The tears won't stop.

Oku: The tears just keep flowing! It won't stop!

Josu: O-Okuyasu! Hey, there's something wrong with you.

main: ,Are you okay?

Gush,Sfx: Gush

Josu: O-Okuyasu!

Gush: ,Gush

Oku: Wh-What's with these tears?!

main: ,They just keep flowing!

Josu: Okuyasu, y-your eyes, your eyeballs, the white part...

Josu: It's all shriveled up and squishy!

Tonio: Momento! Please do not panic.

Josu: Y-You! What did you make Okuyasu drink?

Tonio: Please, calm down! His eyeballs will only be shriveled up momentarily.

Tonio: That mineral water is from snow on Kilimanjaro in Africa

main: ,that melted , years ago.

Tonio: It's water that flushes out the inside of the eyeball,

main: ,along with any dirt,and helps relieve insomnia.

Tonio: The reason you didn't start crying when you drank it

main: ,is because you got plenty of sleep last night.

Oku: Josuke!

Oku: I'm not sleepy at all now!

main: ,I feel refreshed! Like I slept a full ten hours!

Josu: Seriously? O-Okuyasu, are you sure there's nothing wrong with your eyes?

Oku: Josuke, when you drink water this good for the first time,

Oku: trust me, you're bound to cry.

Oku: I cried even more when I watched the movie Champ on video.

Josu: Really?

Oku: Yeah!

Tonio: Here's your cappuccino.

Josu: R-Right...

Tonio: Now, shall we continue with the meal?

Oku: Hey, that looks really good.

Ingredients_____,Sign: {\u\fs}Ingredients{\u}• Mozzarella cheese ( thin slices)• Tomatoes ( thin slices){\u\fs}Tonio's Special Dressing{\u}•  Anchovy • Seaweed • Olive oil• White wine vinegar • Lemon juice • Salt • Pepper • Etc.• Balsamic vinegar (just a splash) • Toast • Lettuce (for garnish)(Best eaten within  minutes of preparation)

Tonio: For the antipasto, we have a salad with mozzarella cheese and tomatoes.

Oku: M-M-Mozzaza?

Tonio: Mozzarella cheese is a soft, fresh cheese whose fat has been taken out.

Tonio: Everyone in Italy loves to eat it.

Tonio: The first people to use tomatoes in cooking were the Italians.

main: ,Nothing can compare to the way an Italian prepares tomatoes.

Tonio: This is not bragging. It's merely pride.

Tonio: Please, help yourselves.

Oku: Heck, yeah!

Oku: Yeah, that's pretty good.

Oku: It's good. Pretty good.

Oku: But... I'm not sure what it is, but this cheese doesn't have much flavor.

Tonio: No! No!

Tonio: You need to put it in your mouth with the tomato.

Tonio: What? With the tomato?

main: ,Well, most foreign dishes don't suit Japanese tastes.

Oku: So good!

Josu: Huh?!

Oku: The juicy part of the tomatoeswraps around the mild cheese!

Oku: The cheese brings out the tomato,and the tomato brings out the cheese!

Oku: It's like harmony, or like a harmony of tastes!

Oku: It's kind of like a Simon and Garfunkel duet!

main: ,Ucchan with Nanchan!

Oku: Asao Takamori's original Ashita no Joe

main: ,with the Ashita no Joe thatTetsuya Chiba directed!

Tonio: Grazie! I couldn't be happier that you enjoyed it.

Josu: H-Hey, Okuyasu. Let me try a little.

Oku: No way.

Okku: You should just order some yourself!

main: ,There's no way you're getting mine.

Oku: I wouldn't give you any even if you were about to die of hunger.

Oku: It's so good! I'm so glad I was born, Mom!

Josu: ! I knew you were cheap, but I didn't know it was this bad!

Josu: Fine. I'll order a plate myself.

Tonio: Ho capito.

Tonio: However, the only one who will have his stiff shoulder cured is the

main: ,customer right there,who has the stiff shoulder.

Oku: Huh? Stiff shoulder?

Oku: C-Come to think of it, my neck feels a bit hot.

main: ,It's oddly sweaty.

Tonio: Sir, I recommend that you take off your jacket.

Oku: S-Suddenly...

Oku: I-I-I'm getting really itchy!

Oku: S-Something slimy is stuck to my fingers!

Tonio: That would be dead skin.

Oku: Dead skin?!

Tonio: It's proof that your metabolism has improved and blood is circulating well.

Tonio: The calcium, vitamins, and minerals in the antipasto that you just ate

Tonio: have stimulated the thyroid gland in your throat that controls your metabolism.

Tonio: All of your bad cells are coming out as dead skin.

main: ,Keep scratching, and get all of the dead skin off!

Josu: Okuyasu, stop scratching! It's as big as a softball now!

Josu: You're starting to dig at the muscle in your shoulder!

Oku: N-No! You're wrong, Josuke!

Oku: It's light!

Oku: My shoulder feels so stupidly light!

main: ,I feel like there's a balloon on my shoulder now, it's so light!

Oku: Look! My shoulder's so much more flexible!

main: ,I've never been able to do this before!

Oku: My shoulder isn't stiff anymore!

Tonio: Now, if you'll excuse me for a bit.

main: ,I have to make sure the pasta boils properly.

Oku: Holy crap! That Chef Tonio guy is a genius!

Josu: N-No...

internal/narrator: ,Something's definitely wrong here!

internal/narrator: ,There's definitely somethingstrange about his cooking!

Morioh_City_Land,Sign: Morioh Landmark "Italian Restaurant Trendy"How to get there:  minute on foot after getting off the bus headed towardMorioh's Kunimi Mountain Pass CemeteryAn unusual restaurant with no set menu. The chef will decide the menu based on how the customer is feeling that day.Because seating is limited, it isrecommended that youmake a reservation.

Tonio: Now, let's continue with the meal, shall we?

Tonio: Next is the primo piatto.

main: ,This will be your pasta course.

Tonio: I call it... harlot spaghetti!

Ingredients_____,Sign: {\u\fs}Ingredients{\u}• Spaghetti • Pitted black olives• Olive oil • Anchovies • Garlic • Red peppers• Cherry tomatoes•Misc: Parsley, salt, pepper, etc•Parmesan cheese(Best eaten while still hot)

Nar: Apparently the name of this dish came from

topinternal: ,hard-working ladies of the night making something random

topinternal: ,that happened to be good.

Nar: Usually, you don't put cheese on pasta with garlic,

internal/narrator: ,but this pasta is an exception.

Oku: Are there red peppers in this spaghetti?

Tonio: Yes, there are.

Rome,Map: Rome

Naples,Map: Naples

Tonio: The harlot's spaghetti uses a pasta sauce that is one of the oldest in Italian cuisine.

Spaghetti,Sign: Spaghetti

Spaghetti,Sign: Tagliatelle

Spaghetti,Sign: Linguine

Spaghetti,Sign: Fusilli

Spaghetti,Sign: Penne

Spaghetti,Sign: Farfalle

Tonio: It was born in my hometown of Naples.

Spaghetti,Sign: Lasagna

Spaghetti,Sign: Conchiglie

Spaghetti,Sign: Tubetti

Tonio: That is why I recommend this dish.

Oku: Oh, well... I can't eat spicy things.

Oku: I can't even eat curry rice unless it's

main: ,Vermont Curry's mild flavor with the apples and honey.

main: ,I can't eat sushi with wasabi in it, either.

Oku: I can't! It's super spicy!

Oku: This is way too spicy!

Josu: If you can't eat spicy food, Okuyasu,

Josu: then don't eat it.

Tonio: If you can't eat it, don't worry.

Tonio: I'm perfectly fine with not charging for that pasta.

Tonio: I will go make the secondo piatto, the main dish.

Tonio: However, my spaghetti is made such that even people who

main: ,do not like spicy things can eat it.

Oku: Even if I don't like spicy things?

Oku: Hot!

Ou: I totally admit that you're a talented chef, Tonio!

Oku: That guy's definitely a genius!

Oku: But this was a miss.

Josu: No, maybe you were lucky that you couldn't eat it.

Josu: Don't you think this food and that water are way too weird?

main: ,It's too suspicious!

Oku: Suspicious? What is?

Oku: So hot!

Josu: You lost a softball's worth of dead skin, and you cried your eyes out!

Oku: You think so?

main: ,When I went to Shirabu Hot Springs in Yamagata,

Oku: I lost even more dead skin, and my back pain went away!

Oku: That much is totally normal.

Oku: Hot!

Josu: Listen! I just remembered what that Toshikazu Hazamada said.

Haza: Stand users, for some reason, seem to be unknowingly...

Josu: Stand users are drawn to each other!

Oku: Josuke!

Oku: Are you saying that Tonio is a Stand user, too?

Josu: Shh! We don't know yet!That's why I'm saying he's suspicious!

Oku: Suspicious, eh?

Oku: Hot! I can't eat this!

Josu: If you can't eat spicy food, stop licking it!

Oku: Th-That's right. I can't eat spicy food, but you know...

Oku: I just want to keep licking this spaghetti sauce.

Josu: Why are you eating it?!

Oku: I-I know! I shouldn't be able to eat something this spicy...

Oku: But...

main: ,I can't help myself. Once I tasted it,I was sucked in by the spiciness.

Oku: It's like when you eat your age in beans at the Setsubun Festival,

Oku: and you don't even really like them, but before you know it,

Oku: you've eaten a whole bag!

Josu: Hey, I told you to stop eating that!

Oku: M-My stomach's opening up!

main: ,The more I eat, the more I want to eat!

Oku: It's so good!

Josu: Okuyasu, you idiot!

Josu: Your tooth! Your tooth just flew out!

Oku: That's my cavity! My rotten tooth fell out!

Oku: C-Come to think of it, I had a cavity on my lower jaw, too...

Oku: That's a cavity, too!

Josu: Your tooth! A molar is growing in at that speed?!

Josu: This settles it. I don't know what he's plotting, but...

Josu: Shining Diamond!

Oku: But I wanted to eat more...

Josu: I'm going to revert that spaghetti back to its original ingredients!

Oku: What were those little things just now?

Josu: A Stand!

Josu: Tonio Trendy was a Stand user after all!

Josu: Are you all right, Okuyasu?

Oku: My sleepiness is gone.

Oku: My shoulder stiffness disappeared, and new teeth replaced my cavities, but...

Oku: M-My stomach hurts!My stomach's hurting so bad!

Josu: Wait there!

Josu: Tonio! Just what are you plotting?!

Josu: Where is he?

Josu: So the main course is finished...

Tonio: Good, good... You're eating that right up.

main: ,Looks like the main dish,lamb in apple sauce, is a success.

Josu: What?!

Tonio: What are you doing there?

Tonio: You saw, didn't you?!

Tonio: So you came in here to spy on me?!

Tonio: You will pay for this! Prepare yourself!

Josu: Why do I have to listen to youthreatening to make me pay?

Josu: That's my line!

main: ,What are you trying to do with your cooking?!

Josu: Okuyasu!

Josu: Why are you eating?!

Oku: I can't help it! My stomach hurts, but I can't help eating it!

Oku: Every time the tanginess of the apple sauce

main: ,and the juice from the lamb goes down my throat, I feel happiness!

Oku: To think a flavor like this existed in this world!

Josu: Don't eat that meat, Okuyasu!

Oku: I'm so happy! It's like happiness over and over!

Oku: It's so good!

Oku: M-My innards...

Oku: My stomach!

Josu: Okuyasu!

Tonio: You'll pay for this!

Josu: You!

Tonio: Wash your hands with soap right now!

Medicinal: ,Medicinal

Medicinal,Sign: Medicinal

Josu: Huh?!

Tonio: It's unforgivable!

Tonio: Entering the kitchen without permission is unforgivable!

Tonio: You! The kitchen must stay clean!

Josu: S-Soap? Are you telling me to wash my hands?

Oku: Hey, Josuke!

Oku: My guts suddenly feel way better!I feel really full, too.

Oku: I feel totally satisfied.

Josu: Huh?!

Oku: My diarrhea tummy's all better!

Josu: What?!

Tonio: Good for you.

main: ,Nothing brings me more joy and happiness than a customer who

main: ,enjoys my cooking and becomes healthy.

Josu: The puppy...

Tonio: This dish was a little iffy,so I was having him taste it first.

Tonio: His tummy was a little upset, too.

Josu: Y-You... seriously only wanted to feed Okuyasu good food?

Tonio: What else could a chef ask for?

Tonio: That is what I live for. That is all I hope for.

Josu: You're a Stand user, aren't you?

Josu: We are, too.

Tonio: Oh, I cannot believe it!

Tonio: When... When I went around the world

main: ,looking for what my ideal cooking would be,that's when I realized my powers.

Tonio: This is the first time I've met anyone else with similar powers.

Tonio: But you! You lack common sense!

Josu: Huh?

Tonio: You touched things without washing your hands, didn't you?!

Tonio: The number one enemy in a kitchen is germs!

Tonio: That's why I got angry!

Josu: H-Huh? I-I'm sorry! I didn't mean it!

Tonio: You'd better prepare yourself!

Toonio: Now, let us continue with the cooking.

Oku: Dessert is... flan?

Oku: But I'm a street punk!

Oku: Hmph! Me eating flan is laughable.

Oku: So good!

Oku: You really are a genius!

Oku: I'm so proud to live in Morioh, where a chef like you lives!

Josu:  you, Okuyasu!

Tonio: It appears that he's pleased.

Tonio: You! Your hands aren't moving!

Josu: This is so pathetic...

Oku: Hey, my athlete's foot is all better!

Tonio: Please come again. Grazie!

Trendy,Sign: Trendy

Signtop: P

Signtop: Po

Signtop: Pole

Signtop: Pole J

Signtop: Pole Ja

Signtop: Pole Jam

Signbot: To

Signbot: Toni

Signbot: Tonio

Signbot: Tonio T

Signbot: Tonio Tr

Signbot: Tonio Tre

Signbot: Tonio Tren

Signbot: Tonio Trend

Signbot: Tonio Trendy

Guy: You're Jotaro Kujo, right?

Guy: I'm with the Speedwagon Foundation.

Guy: Apparently, anywhere near electrical wires is dangerous,

main: ,including phone lines and power lines,

Guy: so I came to deliver this message myself.

Guy: "I should be arriving at Morioh's port tomorrow at noon.

Guy: From Joseph Joestar."
Mom: Josuke, how long are you going to be playing that?

Mom: If you don't turn off that video game now,

Mom: I'm gonna shut it off myself.

Josu: Just five more minutes! Please!

Josu: Just let me play for five more minutes!

Josu: This is the most exciting part!

Josu: If I stop right now,

main: ,I'll be a man who couldn't accomplish the one thing he set out to do,

Mom: Come on! If you don't quit,

Josu: and I'll regret it the rest of my life!

Mom: the kicks are just going to get harder!

Josu: Do you really want your son to end up like that, Mom?!

Mom: How long can you put up with this?

Josu: I-It's over...

Josu: D'oh.

Mom: Now, put that away and do your homework.

Mom: And take off your  uniform when you're at home.

main: ,It's nighttime!

Lady: I won't be able to see you anymore.

announcertop,Guy: Why, Sachiko? Don't you love me?

Josu: Weird. I thought I turned it off.

announcertop,Guy: That's not it. I'm thinking about leaving town.

announcertop,Guy: And you want to forget about me?

Josu: Huh? It won't turn off.

Red: Looks like Jotaro Kujo's not leaving town...

Red: Even though I warned him all those times.

Red: Well, what's the deal, Josuke Higashikata?

Josu: You're...

Josu: Chili Pepper?!

Title: JoJo's Bizarre Adventure

Title: Diamond is Unbreakable

Title: Episode   Chili Pepper, Part 

Josu: Why'd you come here?

Red: Don't ask that now.

Red: I've been stopping by here every now and then for a while now.

Josu: What?

Josu: So this villain's been watching me for a long time?

Red: I've been frequently going to visit Okuyasu,

Red: the younger brother of Keicho,whom I got rid of,

main: ,and I'm very familiar with Koichi Hirose's Reverb and Yukako Yamagishi, as well.

Red: And I know that Toshikazu Hazamada

main: ,and Tamami Kobayashi are both in the hospital.

Josu: What I'm asking you is what are you actually doing in front of me,

main: ,when all this time you've been sneaking around like a gutless coward?

Josu: I doubt this is it,

main: ,but you're not foolish enough to actually think you're going to kick my ass, are you?

Red: Kick your ass?

main: ,I'd never do anything that awful to you.

Red: I'm here to k*ll you painlessly.

Josu: I just can't laugh at your sad excuse for a joke,

Josu: good sir.

Red: I told Jotaro this before, but Jotaro's Star Platinum is a menace to me.

Red: It's the fact that Jotaro is too attentive

main: ,and the fact that Star Platinum has the power to stop time.

Red: So I just wanted to see just how much stronger my Stand has gotten over time.

Red: Before I fight Jotaro,

main: ,I thought I'd test myself against you, Josuke Higashikata.

Red: Come a bit closer.

Red: Closer! Until you can att*ck as quickly and precisely as Star Platinum, Josuke!

Red: Come on! If you're that far away, your punches will be too weak.

Josu: Are you mocking me?

Red: Of course not.

main: ,I've just seen through your abilities.

Red: Come closer and give me a super sharp one.

Red: Here. Hit me right here. Come on. Come closer!

Gush,Sfx: cr*ck!

Red: Huh? H-He's fast...

Josu: Quit your daydreaming!

Red: Much faster than I thought!

Josu: If you want to keep daydreaming,

Josu: maybe I'll just help you sleep!

Josu: Listen up! Jotaro's Star Platinum is nothing like this!

Red: I regret my actions.

internal/narrator: ,I got a little cocky and underestimated him.

Spark: What?!

Mom: Josuke! What is all that noise?

Josu: What was that Stand power?It felt like a jet engine going off...

Josu: He might just be stronger than Jotaro...

Red: You, too, Josuke.

main: ,Your Shining Diamond surprised me.

Red: Looks like I'm not the only one that's grown.

Red: I'll wait a little longer.

Red: Until my Chili Pepper grows stronger, I won't be able to defeat Jotaro.

Josu: He can show up anywhere there's electricity.

Josu: Not only does he have tremendous power, but he can control his Stand remotely.

Mom: Josuke, I just asked you what all that noise was!

Josu: It's nothing.

Oku: Man, a bug totally just bit me.

Oku: ! Bugs only come to me.

Koi: Ah, Josuke!

Josu: Sorry to keep you guys waiting.

Oku: What did you want to talk about, Josuke?

Oku: Why call us out to a lonely-looking place like this?

Oku: Couldn't we go to Tonio's or the usual café?

Josu: I'm not the one who called you guys out here. It was Jotaro.

Koi: Jotaro did? I wonder what he wants.

Josu: It's probably about Chili Pepper.

Koi: What?! Chili Pepper?

main: ,You mean the Stand, Chili Pepper?!

Oku: So he appeared?

Josu: Yeah, he did. At my place last night.

Oku: You! Why didn't you let me know right away?!

Koi: Okuyasu... He acts completely different when it comes to Chili Pepper.

Koi: I can't blame him, since thatStand k*lled his brother, but...

Jojo: I told Josuke to keep quiet.

Jojo: Talking about him in the city, where there's electricity running, is dangerous.

Koi: Jotaro!

Jojo: I had you all come to this field so he wouldn't hear us talking.

Josu: Okuyasu, Chili Pepper totally pisses me off, too.

Josu: He got into my house without me knowing.

Josu: He's free to listen to us talking and take whatever he wants.

Koi: Come to think of it, the homework I finished

main: ,the other day disappeared from my desk!

Koi: And I thought my mom mistook it for trash—

Josu: That's not a big deal, Koichi!

Josu: What I'm trying to say is that the only reason

main: ,Chili Pepper hasn't caused more trouble is that we're around,

Josu: and he drags people who piss him off into the phone lines

Josu: with about as much effort as someone making a pervy phone call.

Josu: Of course, he can use the bow and arrow,

main: ,and he may have already used it on someone.

Josu: I saw first-hand that he's gotten stronger.

Josu: We have to hurry up and find out who his user is.

Koi: B-But how?

Josu: We all gathered here to figure that out, right, Jotaro?

Jojo: No, not quite.

Jojo: We'll be able to find him.

Jojo: Because the person who's capable

main: ,of finding him is arriving at Morioh Port at noon.

Koi: Huh?

Oku: Someone who can find him?

Josu: Is he a Stand user?!

Jojo: That's right.

Jojo: His Stand's name is Hermit Purple.

Jojo: Only he's gotten way too old, so he doesn't have the strength to fight.

Josu: Too old? How old is this guy?

main: ,Do you know him, Jotaro?

Jojo: Yeah. I know him very well.

main: ,He used to be pretty ripped,

Jojo: though you wouldn't guess that now.

Jojo: He's ... No, maybe he's ...

Josu: ?! He's super old!

Jojo: Well, his legs are weak, so he's using a cane.

Jojo: He had surgery to remove gallstones two years ago,

main: ,and suffered from cataracts.

Jojo: He wears full dentures

main: ,and complains that he can't eat T-bone steaks.

Jojo: He's also starting to forget things.

Josu: Hey, come on, now.

main: ,You're not gonna tell me his hobby is talking to mailboxes, are you?

Josu: Give me a break!

Jojo: I had you guys gather here in order to protect that old man.

Jojo: If Chili Pepper finds out about him,he's probably going to k*ll him.

Jojo: Because the thing Chili Pepper fears most is us finding out who his user is.

Josu: Yeah, but is a man like that really going to be useful to us?

Jojo: I tried to stop him,

main: ,but when he heard about the bow and arrow, he came to Japan on his own.

Koi: Came to Japan? Is he a foreigner, Jotaro?

Jojo: Yeah.

Koi: Josuke, th-this is serious!

Josu: Huh? What is?

Koi: Josuke! If he's , a foreigner, and a Stand user...

Josu: Y-You can't mean...

Red: I heard you loud and clear.

Oku: Chili Pepper!

Jojo: Impossible! How'd he get to this field?

Morioh_Landmark_,Sign: Morioh Landmark #Morioh Grand HotelHow to get there: From bus stop #,take the bus for "Morioh GrandSwimming Area" and get off at the"Morioh Grand Hotel" stop.From there, it's a -minute walk.Located in the same area as manyexpensive villas, it's an elegant hotel full of history. It has housed various travelers to Morioh and has been beloved for years. The beef tongue served at the hotel restaurant is considered superb and is the talk of the town.

Whew,Sfx: Rumble

Koi: Why?! There aren't any electrical lines here, so how?!

Jojo: The bike's battery.

Jojo: ! He must have hidden in the bike's battery and followed us here.

Oku: In my bike?

Josu: He heard us!

Red: The port at noon?

Red: An old man Stand user who can find me?

Whew,Sfx: Rumble

Red: I'll be sure to k*ll that man the moment he arrives at the port!

Jojo: Now he knows about the old man...

Jojo: In other words, Josuke's father.

Whew,Sfx: Rumble

Jojo: This isn't good.

Jojo: If we let him go, he's gonna get to the old man before we do.

Koi: Josuke! We need to throw a rock at that bike and destroy it!

Oku: No, hold up.

Oku: For the sake of revenge, I, Okuyasu Nijimura,

Oku: will k*ll that villain!

Koi: He cut through space-time!

Red: Ack! Keicho's younger brother!

Oku: I'm the one who's going to deal with you.

Oku: I'll scrape you away!

Red: Okuyasu, I compliment you,

Red: at least in regards to you instantly transferring over here.

Red: But the scratching motion you do with your The Hand

Red: seems to stand no chance against Chili Pepper's swiftness.

Red: You're too slow!

Oku: Take a better look, you foolishass.

Oku: When I said I'll scrape you away,

Oku: I meant the bike.

Red: The bike's front wheel!

Oku: Now you won't be able to run away.

Josu: You actually used your head,Okuyasu. Good job!

Josu: Chili Pepper can't go far from the bike's battery.

Josu: Which means... Look!

Josu: The nearest electrical line is at least a hundred meters away,

Josu: so you're as good as caught!

Koi: That was close!

Jojo: No, we haven't actually caught him yet.

Jojo: The bike battery is still there.

Jojo: I'm sure he plans to do whatever he can to k*ll Okuyasu and run.

Jojo: We're going, too!

Josu: Right!

Koi: Right!

Red: Do you really think you've trapped me?

Red: Are you trying to get revenge for Keicho?

Oku: No.

Oku: My Big Bro

Oku: deserved to die.

Oku: I knew that someone would k*ll him someday.

Oku: The thing about crimes...

Oku: When you keep doing stuff like that,

Oku: somewhere, somehow, it's going to come back and get you.

Oku: Even I can figure that out.

Oku: If you tell me

Oku: your user's name and address,

Oku: I'll spare your life.

Red: If I tell you, you'll spare my life?

Red: You're calmer than I thought.

Red: I thought your insides were boiling from wanting revenge so badly.

Oku: Deep down inside, I hope you don't tell me!

Ou: I'm dying to scrape you away so bad, you foolishass!

Red: I knew it.

Red: But you want to scrape me away?

Red: With that pathetically slow right hand?

Red: Should I laugh, or should I yawn?

Red: It's a tough choice!

Oku: You!

Oku: I'll k*ll you!

Red: I'll make sure you know well

Red: just how slow your Stand is!

Red: Do you see now? It's this slow!

Josu: Okuyasu!

Koi: Okuyasu!

Rd: !

Rd: Here comes Jotaro...

Red: I can't stick around here for long.

Red: What?! He's behind me?!

Oku: I may have missed, but I still scraped through space-time,

Oky: so I could instantly transfer.

Oku: Did you forget?

Oku: I've got you now!

Oku: You little !

Oku: Looks like you're getting quite a bit slower.

Oku: Are you going to be able to escape the next att*ck?

Koi: Look! Chili Pepper's electrical sparkle is fading!

Koi: He's getting weaker!

Koi: His Stand power must be running out!

Josu: Does this mean Okuyasu wins?

Jojo: Okuyasu! Don't finish him off yet!

Jojo: Wait until we get there.

Jojo: You've won!

main: ,We have to ask him where the bow and arrow are right now.

Red: You're right... I'm weakening.

Red: Your Stand's right hand is slow as hell,but it's still a terrifying Stand.

Red: But...

Red: Are you sure you don't want to finish me off?

Red: Maybe I'm just acting like I've grown weak, Okuyasu.

Oku: What?!

Red: Maybe I'm waiting for Jotaro to get closer so I can chop his head off.

Oku: What are you talking about?

Red: Oh, nothing.

Red: What will you do? Finish me off now,

Red: or wait for Jotaro to get here?

Oku: You...

Oku: But wait. Why would you tell me that?

Oku: If he hadn't told me he was acting weaker,

internal/narrator: ,he could have tricked me, and beatenme and Josuke by playing dirty...

Oku: Which means, uh, since he told me he's fine,

internal/narrator: ,my chance of getting att*cked is zero, right?

Ku: You're telling me to finish you off?!Do you want to die?

Red: I'll leave that up to you.

Oku: Is he really weaker?

internal/narrator: ,Or is he lying about being weaker,and he's actually fine?

Okku: Which is the truth?

Red: Are you coming or aren't you?

Oku: If he's fine, I need to go in to finish him.

Oku: It's possible he's got something up his sleeve, too.

Oku: Should I?

Jojo: Okuyasu... Something's wrong.

Red: Hurry up and make up your mind, Okuyasu.

Oku: !

Oku: I can't be bothered to think aboutwhich is right anymore, !

Jojo: Okuyasu!

Oku: Don't try and stop me, Jotaro!

Oku: He k*lled my big bro!I'm going to finish this!

Oku: That's the only truth inside my heart!

Oku: Die, you little !

Gush - Copy,Sfx: Gaon

Josu: Just great. Now finding the bowand arrow is going to be a real pain.

Josu: Though it looks like things were settled.

Jojo: No, something is wrong.

main: ,It looks like Chili Pepper really was plotting something.

Both: Huh?!

Oku: There were electrical cables underground?

Oku: That one! He wanted me to dig this up!

Red: I really was weakened.

Red: The bike's battery is only a -volt.

Red: That was close!

Oku: Why, you...

Red: Thanks to you, I feel alive again!

Red: Okuyasu!

Red: If you had only been a good little boy

Red: and held back like Jotaro told you,

main: ,the battery would have d*ed, and I would've been eliminated.

Oku: Wha...

Red: I know where all of the electrical lines in this city are.

Red: I thought about running away using those cables,

Red: but they were far from the bike.

Red: I didn't have the power to dig up the cables.

Oku: You!

Oku: He's even more...

Red: Which means the electricity from earlier, the electrical power,

Red: is on my side.

Whew - Copy,Sfx: Bogo

Koi: Okuyasu!

Red: Your big brother Keicho said you held him back.

Red: He was right.

Red: Your mind is underdeveloped.

Red: You never could have gotten revenge, you foolishass!

Red: Bye-bye, Jotaro, Josuke!

Red: Joseph Joestar, was it?

Red: I'll have that man share the same fate as the Nijimura Brothers!

Red: I've won!

Koi: Okuyasu!

Koi: He got dragged in there!

Kkoi: Okuyasu!

Koi: Okuyasu!

Jojo: Good grief.

Jojo: I can't believe we had him cornered and he still got away.

Josu: He's a pretty dangerous Stand.

main: ,He can be controlled remotely, and in terms of power,

Koi: What?! What are you guys talking about?!

main: ,he can take advantage of all the electrical companies, making his power infinite.

Koi: Why are you analyzing the enemy's abilities when Okuyasu just d*ed?!

Jojo: Oh, right. I guess we should worry about Okuyasu.

Josu: Right.

Jojo: Talk about a silver lining.

Jojo: Looks like Okuyasu has really good luck.

Josu: Okuyasu was really lucky thathis right arm was chopped off.

Koi: Huh?

Josu: Shining Diamond!

Josu: When I fix his arm, it means his body will come back.

Red: !

Kooi: Yay! Okuyasu is back!

Oku:  it... I-I...

Oku: I totally lost to that villain.

Oku: ! !

Koi: It's not about revenge or winning or losing.

Koi: We have to think about protecting Joseph Joestar.

Koi: That'll lead to us defeating Chili Pepper.

Koi: You have to do that for everyone.

Koi: For the place where we live...

Josu: Jotaro, this isn't good.

Josu: I was taking this lightly.

Jojo: Yeah. We have to get to the old man's boat before Chili Pepper does.

Jojo: Let's hurry to the port.

Koi: Hey, you two! Aren't you acting a bit too cool?

Koi: Okuyasu's in shock!

Josu: If we're going to the port, this way is closer.

Jojo: All right.

Koi: Hey, wait!

Oku: Surpass my big bro, huh...

Oku: You taught me a lesson, Chili Pepper.

Guy: Mr. Joestar.

Guy: We'll be arriving at Morioh Port any moment now.
Jojo: There it is... The old man's ship.

Jojo: Right on time.

It's about twenty minutes away.

Koi: I-Is Mr. Joseph Joestar the only passenger?

Jojo: Yeah.

Jojo: The entire crew is from  the Speedwagon Foundation.

Jojo: The Stand Chili Pepper can only  move where there's electricity,

Jojo: but I'm sure he'll do everything possible to get

over the water and onto the old man's ship.

Jojo: If he gets there before we do, we lose.

The old man will be k*lled.

Oku: Jotaro!

Oku: We've finished checking the boat.

josu: He's not in the battery.

Jjosu: All clear. We can take off.

Jojo: Josuke, the only ones going to the  old man's boat are me and Okuyasu.

Josu: Huh?

Jojo: You and Koichi will stay behind at the harbor.

Koi: Stay behind?! Josuke and me?

Josu: Why?

Jojo: Josuke, Chili Pepper's user is hiding  somewhere in this harbor, watching us.

Jojo: He's waiting for us to make our move,

Jojo: so he can confirm the boat's position.

Jojo: But my guess is that he won't be using a boat.

Jojo: All he needs is something with a battery  that's faster than a motorboat.

Morioh Harbor  Lighthouse

Jojo: Just like he did with the bike,

he'll have Chili Pepper fly over  in something that has a battery.

Koi: Fly? You mean it's actually  going to fly through the air?

Jojo: Yeah.

Jojo: I'm guessing Chili Pepper is

stealing a remote control model plane from the model shop right now.

Koi: A remote control model plane?!

Koi: That could work!

Even model planes can travel over     kph!

Koi: That's faster than this motorboat.

Koi: And because Chili Pepper is controlling it,

he can keep going as long as  the battery and fuel last!

Koi: The controller signal's range won't matter!

Jojo: So Josuke, if you spot something flying,  look for his user here at this harbor.

Jojo: Koichi's Reverb has a range of    meters.

He can help find him.

Jojo: If he makes his move before we do, the old man is finished.

Jojo: You need to protect your father  from on-shore. Got it, Josuke?

Josu: Yeah, I get it. We don't have  even a second to spare.

JoJo-top,Koi: Do your best, Okuyasu.

Oku: Thanks, Koichi.

Guy: We'll arrive at Morioh Port in about  twenty minutes, Mr. Joestar.

Jose: I see. Um...

Do you know where my cane is?

Guy: Huh? It's right in front of you.

Joseph: Ahh...

Josu: My father, huh...

Koi: Josuke? Is something the matter?

Josu: Being told that some guy I've never  met is my father is just kinda...

Josu: You know...

Josu: Well, it's different if his life's in danger.

Josu: I won't be able to sleep well unless  I do my best to protect him.

Josu: Besides, I'm sure my mom  will bawl her eyes out if he dies.

Voice: ! It must have been Jotaro.

Voice: If he had you two stay behind to find my user...

Voice: Then he completely saw through my  plan to use a remote control plane!

Josu: Chili Pepper!

Chili: Yeah!

Oto: Jotaro Kujo is a smart man.

Oto: Yeah, he's the one person  I don't want finding me.

Oto: This Spitfire remote control plane

can get to Joseph Joestar  in a mere five minutes.

Oto: On the other hand, a motorboat will  take about eight to ten minutes.

Oto: Which means if I take care of  you two in about three minutes,

I'll have plenty of time to get past them.

Josu: Y-You're Chili Pepper's user?

Oto: The name's Akira Otoishi, nineteen years old.

Oto: Oh, and don't mind the guitar.

Oto: My dream is to one day  be an ultra super guitarist,

Oto: like Jimi Hendrix and Jeff Beck, who lives hard and passionately!

Oto: So I keep it with me all the time.

Oto: In the near future, I'm going to take my guitar

Oto: and knock out people around the world!

Oto: Oh, yeah.

Koi: I never even thought that the user  would show himself on his own.

Koi: That must mean he's confident that he can k*ll both me and Josuke!

Yeeees

Chili: I'll only use my pinky finger against your Shining Diamond,

Chili: just like I did with Okuyasu earlier.

Jojo: Stay back, Koichi.

Oto: Here we go, Josuke Higashikata!

Josu: One sec.

Oto: Huh?

Josu: If you're going to use only your pinky,

Josu: then I'm gonna make some rules, too.

Oto: Rules? Don't get cocky!

Oto: Someone like you doesn't need any rules!

Oto: How dare you do that, ?!

Josu: Well, you said I didn't need any rules.

Josu: Didn't you say something about taking  care of me with just your pinky?

Josu: So what are you going to do,

Josu: Otoishi, my senpai?

Oto: I'm going to k*ll you.

Josu: You already said that earlier!

Stop saying the same thing  over and over, you foolishass!

Oto: This agony and pain...

Oto: What am I supposed to take it out on?

Oto: This rage...

Oto: Who do I proclaim it to?!

Koi: He's amazing...

Right-Hand Tapping

Sign/voice: I'm going to k*ll

Sign/voice: your mommas, too!

Oto: I was able to fully express my heart!

Oto: I was able to express the ultimate rage.

Josu: Just try it, Otoishi!

Josu: Wh-What? The user just...

Josu: I can understand his Stand  moving at amazing speeds,

Josu: but the user himself was actually  able to move behind me?

Koi: Th-That's not it, Josuke!

Koi: I saw what happened from here.

Koi: It wasn't Otoishi that moved...

Koi: It was you!

Koi: You were moved!

Josu: What?

Koi: Chili Pepper came out and  turned Shining Diamond

degrees at incredible speed!

Koi: You're facing the ocean, aren't you?

Josu: Chili Pepper came out?

Josu: Koichi! I haven't seen Chili Pepper at all!

Koi: He's underneath the ground!

See all the drainage grates around you?

Koi: His upper body came up from there just now!

Koi: There must be electrical wires  running all over under there!

Oto: I'm strong when I reflect on my actions.

Koi: Behind you to your right! There it is!

Koi: Now it's behind you!

Koi: It keeps running back into  the electrical wires!

Koi: And at light speed!

Koi: Jotaro's the only one who  can keep up, after all!

Oto: You don't have time to dig up the asphalt

Oto: and cut all the wires underground,  Josuke Higashikata.

Oto: And the more big holes you make in the ground...

Oto: The more places I can pop up from!

Koi: Josuke! To your right!

Koi: In front of you!

Koi: Behind you!

Koi: No, wait! Um...

Koi: It's like insanely hard whack-a-mole!

Koi: He's moving too fast for me  to tell where he'll come from!

Chil: You should really stop relying on guesswork!

Koi: Josuke...

Oto: And I still have two minutes left...

Oto: That's plenty of time to finish you.

Josu: Koichi, watch where Chili Pepper  comes from and tell me.

Josu: I can't tell because I'm too close!

Koi: I-I can't tell, either!

Koi: Every time I think he's out, he goes back in!

Josu: Watch carefully, Koichi.

Josu: You should be able to tell  what I'm thinking by now.

Koi: Huh? What you're thinking?

Koi: I-It's all squishy!

Koi: The asphalt's been turned into coal tar...

Koi: And the grates are covered by  the oil film from the coal tar!

Koi: I got it!

Koi: When he hit the ground earlier,

he turned the asphalt's base into something else when he fixed it!

Koi: Which means...

Koi: Behind you, to your left!

Whew - Copy,Sfx: Gurb

Koi: Yeah! Bull's eye!

Josu: Bull's eye? That's great.

Josu: Do I get a prize

Josu: if I keep hitting him?

JoJo-Eyecatch ,Signtop: Chi

JoJo-Eyecatch ,Signtop: Chili

JoJo-Eyecatch ,Signtop: Chili Pe

JoJo-Eyecatch ,Signtop: Chili Pep

JoJo-Eyecatch ,Signtop: Chili Pepper

JoJo-Eyecatch ,Signbot: Akira

JoJo-Eyecatch ,Signbot: Akira Oto

JoJo-Eyecatch ,Signbot: Akira Otoishi

oku: It's the boat! I can see the Traffic!

Oku: W-We're almost there!

Jojo: Don't let your guard down yet.

Oku: Huh?

Oku: Wh-What is that?

Oku: Josuke! Koichi!

Koi: I-It's so bright!

Oto: It seems that I wasn't taking you  seriously enough, Josuke Higashikata.

Oto: I have to give up these foolish thoughts,

Oto: don't you think?

Oto: I'm concentrating all of Morioh's  electricity on my Chili Pepper.

Chi: The reason I didn't do so before

Chi: is because the electricity of this whole  area, which is my power source,

Chi: would be drained to zero for a while!

Chi: But I don't care anymore!

Ch: After I defeat you two, I just need to  fly over there using the RC plane's battery

Chi: and k*ll Joseph!

Koi: I-I can't see!

Josu: You...

Koi: J-Josuke actually got overpowered!

Koi: Josuke!

Chi: Do you see?

All of this town's electricity is on my side!

Oto: I'll be sure to tack the  cost of all the electricity

I just used onto your meter.

Chi: This is the end, Josuke!

Oto: A t-tire?!

Josu: By the time you realize it,  it's probably too late.

Oto: You blew up that tire on purpose, didn't you?

Oto: So you could fix it and trap my  Stand inside the tire's rubber!

Koi: That's right! Tire rubber is an insulator,  so it doesn't conduct electricity!

Koi: Chili Pepper won't be  able to use electricity!

Chili: !

Koi: Yes! Now we just have to wait for Jotaro...

Oto: Just kidding.

Koi: Huh?

Oto: You were going to insulate me with tire rubber?

Oto: It might have worked if it  were about a meter thick!

Oto: Don't make me laugh!

As if this flimsy rubber  could have done anything!

Oto: You foolishass!

Bomu,Sfx: Bomu

Oto: You've lost, Josuke!

Josu: Great. You would have been much better off

Josu: if you didn't have the power  to break through that tire.

Chi: Th-The air from inside the tire!

Koi: It was completely full?!

Chi: N-Not the ocean! The ocean is very bad!

Koi: O-Oh, yeah...

Koi: Salt water conducts electricity.

Koi: Since the ocean's so vast, the electricity  will spread out in every direction!

Chi: I'm sorry! Please!

JoJo-top,Chi: Pull me out of here!

Josu: You said something about reflecting  on your foolish thoughts,

Josu: but it seems that it's your  entire character that's foolish.

Chi: I-I'm dispersing...

Koi: His Stand's been split up! Which means...

Koi: H-He's dead?

Rev: Jotaro!

Rev: We defeated the user!

We defeated Chili Pepper's user!

Jojo: Well done. That's a relief.

Oku: So this guy is Josuke's dad...

Oku: His body's huge, but he's  a rickety-looking man.

Jose: You there,

Jose: what's your name?

Oku: I-It's Okuyasu.

Jose: Okuyasu?

Oku: I'm Josuke's neighbor, and I'm also a Stand user.

Jose: Huh?

Oku: A Stand user.

Jose: Huh?

Oku: A S-t-a-n-d u-s-e-r!

Jose: Ah, you can't stand losers?

Oku: I'm a Stand user!

Jose: Oh, I see! So you're a Stand user.

Jose: Must be rough.

Jose: By the way, Osomatsu,

I can't seem to find my cane. Do you know where it is?

Jose: Ah!

Jose: Sorry about that. It's right in my hand.

Oku: Is this man okay?

Guy: Mr. Joestar.

I've come to carry your luggage.

Jose: By the way, Osomatsu, I have a question.

Jose: Has Josuke...

Jose: Since I didn't even know he was born and

left him alone these past sixteen years,  has he said anything about me?

Oku: I can't say that he's said much about that.

Joseph: I see. So he hasn't...

Koi: Yay! It's finally here!

Koi: Look, Josuke!

Josu: Yeah, that's good, I guess.

Josu: To be honest,

I'm sort of hoping he just goes back home.

Koi: Josuke...

Josu: Well, I mean, I'm glad  he wasn't k*lled by Otoishi,

Josu: and things ended happily ever after.

Josu: But you know...

Josu: I've never even met this guy before.

Josu: I can't really see him as my parent.

Josu: I'm sure it's just going to be  awkward for the both of us.

Josu: Not that I have a grudge  against him or anything.

Josu: But I have to think about  what my mom'll think, too.

Josu: Don't you think so, Koichi?

Koi: O-Oh, no...

Koi: Josuke, there's trouble!

Koi: Th-The body!

Koi: Jotaro, there's trouble!

Koi: Akira Otoishi's body disappeared!

Koi: He's still

Koi: alive!

Guy: There's trouble! The enemy  has boarded the boat!

Guy: It appears that Akira Otoishi was not dead!

Oku: Seriously?

Guy: Take Mr. Joestar...

Guy: Who are you?

Oku: Huh? Did you say something?

Guy: No, he...

Oto: I'm the one who said it!

He's not a part of the Speedwagon Foundation!

Oku: Wha...

Guy: What?!

Oto: He's the enemy!

Oku: Seriously? You!

Guy: Please wait!

I'm the one who told you about the enemy!

Guy: Would any enemy actually do that?!

Guy: He's the real enemy!

Oku: You've got a point.

JoJo-overlap,Oto: I'm the one who pointed out the enemy first!

He came to tell you that so  you'd let down your guard!

Oku: Th-That's also a good point...

Wh-Which one's the enemy?

Both: He is!

Oku: D'oh!

Oku: I have to choose again?

Ou:  it.

This is what I get for relying  on my Big Bro so much...

Oto: Okuyasu's easy to deal with.

Oto: Jotaro hasn't seen my face yet.

Oto: If I can just k*ll Joseph...

Oto: I'm gonna escape!

I'm gonna get out of here!

Oku: Chili Pepper!

Joseph: Huh? What's that about a chilly pigeon?

Rumble,Sfx: Rumble

Oto: I'll k*ll you!

Ku: I figured out

Oku: who it is!

Oku: It's you!

Oku: Don't think you can fool  Okuyasu Nijimura twice!

Oto: H-How did you figure it out?

Oku: You wanna know?

Oto: How...

Oku: I was gonna punch both of you! I'm not very smart, you know.

Josu: Watch...

Josu: your step. You're gonna fall into the ocean.

Jose: S-Sorry.

Jose: If only I had my cane, I'd be able to get down myself,

Jose: but it broke a moment ago...

Josu: G-Guess I don't have a choice.

Josu: Hold on to my hand.

Oku: I just had a great idea!

Oku: Why not have Shining Diamond fix the cane?

Koi: Y-You idiot! What are you saying?

Koi: You're so stupid, Okuyasu.

Oku: Huh? Why?

Koi: Things are better if he  doesn't fix it this time.

Oku: Huh? Why?

Oku: Why is that?

Jojo: Now if we just

Jojo: retrieve the bow and arrow, it'll all be over,

Jojo: including the thr*at to this town.
Radio: Next on Morioh Radio, we have a  letter from "Troubled Lonesome Boy."

Radio: "Kai, listen to this.

I can't get a hold of my girlfriend  at all and it's making me blue."

Radio: I wonder if she's mad because  I proposed suddenly.

Radio: And I spent all my pay on an engagement ring with a ruby, her birthstone...

Josu: So you were able to successfully  retrieve the bow and arrow.

Jojo: Yeah, from Akira Otoishi's place.

Jojo: He'd been committing burglaries with his Stand.

Jojo: Roughly     million yen worth.

The police are still looking into it.

Jojo: Try doing something with your Stand again.

Jojo: I'll send you to the ends of  the Earth and k*ll you there.

Oto: I'll be safest in prison!

Jojo: Chili Pepper's in pieces.

Even if he gets out of jail,  I'm sure he won't try anything again.

Koi: Jotaro, what are you going  to do with the bow and arrow?

Jojo: The Speedwagon Foundation is going  to hold on to it and research it.

Jojo: It's a crucial piece of evidence we can use  to unravel the mystery behind Stands.

Josu: That's great.

Koi: Thank goodness!

That means this incident's been resolved!

Koi: It didn't end up being that big  a deal, but yay! Hooray!

Jojo: I'm still questioning Otoishi about the Stand

users that were created here.

Jojo: Stay on your guard, just in case.

Josu: Yeah.

JoJo-overlap,Koi: Right.

JoJo-top,Oku: Sure.

Joseph: Coffee in Japan is still the best.

Waitress, can I get a refill?

Josu: Whoa! Ah.

Be more careful. I look away for a second and...

Koi: Josuke, don't you have to go?  The bus will be here soon.

Josu: R-Right...

Josu: Yeah. Come on, let's go. Stand up.

Koi: I wonder if those two will be okay.

I'm worried.

Oku: Whoa, this cake is so good!

Can I get another slice, waitress?

Tomo: Hello, this is the Higashikata resid—

Josu: Hey, Mom. It's me.

Tomo: Josuke? It's unusual for you to call me.

Tomo: Do you need something?

Josu: Well, uh... Hey, y-you're going  to be home all day today, right?

Tomo: Yeah? What about it?

Josu: N-Nothing! As long as you're  there, it's fine. Bye!

Tomo: Hey!

What was that all about?

He'd better not be planning  something weird again.

Josu: Crap. I hope Mom didn't  think that was weird.

Josu: Oh, for crying out loud...

Josu: I told him to wait until I was  done with the phone call!

Josu: Hey, wait!

Josu: Hello? Can you hear me? Hey!

Jose: Did you just call for me?

Josu: Yeah. We can't get a taxi at this hour,

so we're going to take the bus to my house.

Josu: And... I know I'm being pushy, but I'm  going to confirm one more time.

Josu: You can only look from a distance.

Josu: Make sure you don't talk to my mom!

Promise me that.

Josu: My mom won't be happy just  because you came to visit.

Josu: She's gonna be a wreck.

Jose: I know that. I promise.

Josu: Also, one more thing.

Josu: I'm gonna be calling you Mr. Joestar.

Jose: Huh?

Josu: W-Well, you know... I might  as well lay it on the line now.

Josu: I mean, it might seem cold,

Josu: but calling someone I just met "Dad"  or "Pops" is just not happening.

Josu: So after you see my mom, I want  you to go right back to America.

Jose: Right...

You're absolutely right. I understand.

Josu: Man, this is awkward.

Josu: I know it's best to be honest, but still,

there are some things between  people that just aren't possible.

Josu: Hey, Mr. Joestar...

Josu: Excuse me, did you see where the burly  old man who was just here went?

Lady: He got onto that long-distance bus.

Bright Deer

Long Distance Bus

To Sapporo

Josu: Y-You can't be serious! !

Jose: I'm sorry about that.

You said we were getting on a bus, so...

Jose: But I'm surprised you caught  up to the bus by running.

Jose: We were just about to get onto the freeway.

Josu: Right now, I'm thinking it might have  been better to just let you go...

Josu: To Hokkaido!

Josu: Ugh, my stomach hurts.

Jose: Sorry about that.

Jose: Josuke...

Jose: Something seems to be  pulling on my trousers.

Josu: Oh, really? Don't let them  drag you off somewhere again.

Jose: Wha...

Jose: J-Josuke! There's a Stand user nearby!

Josu: Yup, there sure is. Two, in fact... Me and you.

Josu: Anyway, is there a vending  machine nearby? I need a drink.

Jose: Wh-What is this? They're not footsteps.

Jose: Hands? Hand prints?

Jose: Ah! Josuke, the Stand just laughed!

Jose: See? Right here! On top of the sand!

Josu: There's no way I'm letting him see my mom.

Josu: Now he's seeing and hearing things.

Joe: This is concrete!

Where did it go? Where is it? It's gone!

Jose: Where did you go? It's gone!

Josu: Great. This old man is seriously bad news.

Jose: Hermit Purple!

Jose: Get out of here, you mutt! Shoo! Shoo!

Josu: Do you hear something crying?

Jose: It's right here, Josuke.

Jose: A baby! There's a naked baby right here.

Jose: I can tell when I'm touching it. It's invisible!

Josu: What?!

Josu: I-It's there!

Josu: It's really there!

Josu: It's all squishy.

Josu: Well, I'll be .

Josu: It's an invisible baby!

Jose: It feels like it's only about  six months old or so.

Josu: But how did a baby turn invisible out here?

Josu: I'm assuming it's a Stand ability, but...

Josu: There are a lot of questions,  like, "Why did the enemy

Stand user make it invisible,"  and "Where is its mom?"

Jose: Josuke, I think the baby  is actually the Stand user.

Jose: It's a Stand user without realizing it.

Because it's been separated from its  mother, it instinctively went invisible.

Josu: Huh?

Jose: Even adults can develop ulcers, spot baldness, and gray hair

before they realize it for  psychological reasons, right?

Jose: I believe that finding its mother  will be the way to solve this.

Josu: H-Hey, just hurry up and make it stop crying.

Jose: I-I'm not really sure what to do, either.

I did something similar to this, but that was a very long time ago.

Jose: There, there...

Jose: Th-This is...

Josu: Did you figure something out?

Jose: Yes, when I just touched it now.

Jose: It's a little girl.

Jose: Right, the way to tell if it's a boy  or a girl is between the legs!

Josu: Did you find out something else?

Jose: Josuke,

Jose: do you have any tissues?

Josu: Th-That smell...

I-Is there one on your hand? A huge one?

Jose: I-It's invisible, so I couldn't tell  for sure until I could smell it.

Jose: And I just scratched my beard with this hand!

Signbot: Shi

Signbot: Shini

Signbot: Shinin

Signbot: Shining

Signbot: Shining D

Signbot: Shining Di

Signbot: Shining Dia

Signbot: Shining Diamo

Signbot: Shining Diamon

Signbot: Shining Diamond

Signtop: Jo

Signtop: Josuke

Signtop: Josuke Higashi

Signtop: Josuke Higashikata

Guy: I'm returning your manuscript to you.

Guy: I'll be looking forward to those  fixes for the volumes, Sensei.

Josu: For the time being, we're gonna  have to get milk and diapers.

Josu: And since she's naked,  we need to get her some clothes.

Josu: I'm counting on you, Mr. Joestar.

Jose: What? I-I'm buying them?

Josu: Of course. Look at me.

It'd be too embarrassing  for me to buy baby goods.

Josu: There'd be rumors that

a   -year-old delinquent like  me got some girl pregnant.

Jose: But I only have American traveler's checks.

Josu: Oh, fine...

Josu: You can use my credit card.

Jose: Sorry about that.

Josu: Don't buy anything too expensive.

Josu: I've worked hard to build up my  savings, and I don't have much!

Jose: I got it, I got it.

Guy: Welcome.

Guy: Can I help you find something?

Jose: Um... Do you carry disposable diapers?

Guy: Of course! Is this your first time here?

Jose: Yes, it is, but...

Guy: These diapers are easy to change,  even if you're living on your own.

Silky_Smooth_Und,Sign: Silky Smooth Underwear For Adults

Guy: You won't have to worry overnight, either.

Jose: Um... I'm looking for a baby, not myself.

Guy: P-Pardon me! So you're  looking for baby diapers.

Guy: Were you looking for cloth diapers,  or disposable pull-ups?

Jose: Uh... What was that?

Guy: As you can see, this one  will need a diaper cover,

but the disposable pull-up  is simple and economical.

Jose: I-I don't really know, so could you just...

Jose: What size do you need?

Jose: Size?

Guy: How old is the baby?

Guy: Depending on the baby's size,

we have newborn, S-size, M-size,  L-size, XL-size, boys' and girls'.

Jose: Th-There are that many options nowadays?

Jose: W-Well, she's a girl, and when  I held her, she was about this big.

Guy: What do you mean by "when I held her," sir?

Guy: It'd be inconvenient for us  if you bought diapers

that were too big, and then

tried to return them after they've been pooped in.

Jose: Oh, all right. Give me all of the sizes.

Jose: I also need baby wipes,  powdered milk, and baby bottles...

Guy: For baby bottles, we have glass or plastic.

JoJo-overlap,Jose: Huh?

Guy: Glass ones don't scratch or  start to smell as easily,

but they are a bit heavy for a baby to hold.

Guy: The plastic ones are light,  but may have a noticeable smell.

Guy: Which one would you like?

Jose: U-U-Uh... Um...

Guy: We also have various shapes and designs.

Guy: We have ones shaped like  rocket ships and racing cars.

Guy: This one, the baby can hold by itself.

Guy: And this one, if you turn it  upside-down, the doll inside moves.

Jose: I-I have no idea, so if you  could just throw in a few...

Guy: And which bottle nipples  would you like, sir?

Guy: Rubber ones are soft, but don't last very long.

Guy: Silicon ones last, but are a bit hard.

Guy: This one is called a "Chupatoreni."

Guy: There's a diaphragm where  the nipple goes in the mouth,

Guy: and the flow of milk is adjusted  by how hard the baby sucks on it.

Guy: This is a NUK from Germany.

The shape is slightly flattened, and is said to

more closely resemble a mother's natural shape.

Guy: And just like when drinking breast  milk, it will not come out

unless they use their jaws.

Jose: O-Oh, all right. Whatever is fine. Just give me all of them.

Guy: As for the nipple holes, we have round, Y-shaped, and cross-shaped varieties.

Jose: J-Just give me all of them.

And some baby clothes and socks, too.

Jose: I'll be paying by card.

Guy: Thank you very much, sir.

Jose:    ,   ... I don't really  understand yen that well.

Jose: I wonder how much that is in dollars.

Jose: If     yen is about    cents...

Jose: Well, whatever.

I didn't waste any money,  and it's just baby stuff.

Jose: I'm sure it can't be that expensive.

Josu:  it...

Josu: What's he doing? He's taking forever.

Girla: By the way...

Girl A: The girl who got the ring.  I wonder what happened with that.

Girl A: Since he didn't get an answer,  I wonder if that was a no.

Girl b: They could be super conflicted about it.

Josu: I can't stay here...

Josu: If people from school find me here...

Jose: Sorry to keep you waiting, Josuke.

Jose: Here's your card back.

Josu: You're done? A-All right, let's go.

Josu: Now we won't have to worry  about losing sight of her, but...

Josu: If strangers see that she doesn't  have a face, they'll be creeped out.

Jose: I thought about that and...

Jose: bought some makeup, too.

Jose: Let's try some foundation first. There we go!

Josu: Hey, I think she might actually be cute.

Jose: My, what a beauty!

Josu: This face will help us find her mom.

Josu: We've finally got some hope. We can do this!

Josu: That was a good idea!

Jose: Good, good! All right,  now let's try some lipstick.

Jose: And let's draw on some eyebrows  and eyelashes... Like that.

Josu: I knew he'd do that...

Josu: So this man's the type to get carried  away when you compliment him.

Jose: Now we can finally take you around  without having to worry too much.

Jose: We can't put makeup on your eyes,  so we'll just have to use sunglasses.

Jose: That looks great!

Josu: Here's some milk.

Jose: Maybe I went too light on the foundation.

Jose: It looks like it's starting to come off...

Josu: Th-That's not it!

Jose: What is this?! Sh-She's...

Jose: Sh-She disappeared! And so did my hands!

Josu: This baby's not just making herself invisible!

She's making everything  around her invisible, too!

Josu: Mr. Joestar! Let go of the baby!

Josu: I'm telling you to hurry up  and let go of the baby!

Jose: Th-They're still invisible,  even though I let go of her.

Josu: She's powering up!

Josu: This isn't good.

Josu: It looks like everything within  about thirty centimeters

of that baby is becoming invisible.

Josu: But this doesn't make sense.

Josu: If she keeps trying to protect  herself with her Stand,

Josu: who could even feed her or take care of her?

Jose: So it must be due to feelings of anxiety.

Jose: It's stress.

She doesn't want to be touched  by someone she doesn't know.

Josu: If she powers up any more,  no one will be able to get near her.

Josu: We'll end up invisible, too.

Guy: That's some weird junk.  I wonder who's gonna clean it up.

Guy: Well, I guess someone will do it.

Not me, though.

Jose: Look out!

Josu: What happened?

Jose: This lit cigarette butt was... Oh, you can't see it.

Josu: What are you doing, Mr. Joestar?!

Josu: Don't space out at a time like this!

Jose: I, uh...

Josu: The stroller completely disappeared!

Josu: And the ground, too!

Josu: So it is stress!

The more scared she gets, the wider her range gets!

Jose: That's the sound of the stroller flipping over!

Josu: The invisible baby... fell into the water?!

Josu: Wh-Where is she? Make some noise!

I can't even see any bubbles! Where is she?!

Jose: J-Josuke...

Josu: Shut up!

Josu: This all happened because he  couldn't keep it together.

Josu: That stupid old man!

Josu: This irresponsible guy is my father?

Josu: He's so irresponsible, he was okay with  abandoning my mom for sixteen years.

Josu: There's no way in hell I can  respect someone like him.

Josu: There's no way we can get along.

Josu: You stay out of this.

Josu: Where is she? She should  be right around here.

Josu: I don't care if I turn invisible, too.

Just hurry up and touch me!

Josu: Come on!

Josu: She's not here... Hurry!

Josu: ! How am I supposed to find

an invisible baby in clear water?!

Jose: Josuke, I...

Jose: might die in just a moment,  so when that happens,

please give my regards to your mother.

Jose: I mean...

I am quite old now.

Josu: What are you doing?!

Jose: I'm adding color to the water...

Jose: It's the center...

The color of the blood is turning  more and more invisible.

Jose: The child is in the center.

Josu: Mr. Joestar...

Josu: No one else would think to do this.

Not for someone else's child,  who they've never seen before...

Josu: They wouldn't go this far.

Jose: I wanted to look cool

Jose: in front of you.

Sign top: H

Sign top: Her

Sign top: Herm

Sign top: Hermi

Sign top: Hermit

Sign top: Hermit P

Sign top: Hermit Pur

Sign top: Hermit Purp

Sign top: Hermit Purple

Sign bot: J

Sign bot: Jo

Sign bot: Jose

Sign bot: Joseph

Sign bot: Joseph J

Sign bot: Joseph Jo

Sign bot: Joseph Joe

Sign bot: Joseph Joes

Sign bot: Joseph Joest

Sign bot: Joseph Joestar

Josu: Well, a lot happened...

But it looks like everything  worked out for now.

Josu: O-One hundred and thirty thousand yen?!

The savings I worked so hard for...

Josu: That stupid man!

JoJo-overlap,: There, there.
Koi: Today was another exhausting day.

Koi: I just want to hurry home so I can relax.

Haza: K-Koichi...

Koi: Hazamada...

Haza: Hey, how are you doing?

Haza: Th-Thanks for everything the other day.

Koi: Um, are you all healed up now?

Haza: Kinda. I was released from  the hospital two days ago.

Haza: Where's that villain— I mean, where's Josuke?

Koi: He already went home.

Koi: Apparently, he found an  invisible baby yesterday,

and there was a big fuss  over finding her mother.

Haza: Is she a Stand user?

Koi: Apparently.

Koi: The baby has only warmed up to  Josuke's father, Mr. Joestar,

and if he's not around, she turns  everything around her invisible.

Haza: So is Mr. Joestar going to be  in town for a while, then?

Koi: Probably.

Haza: I see. By the way, Koichi,  do you like to read manga?

Koi: Manga? Oh, I guess about as much as anyone.

haza: Have you heard of Rohan Kishibe, who draws Pink Dark Boy?

Koi: Pink Dark Boy? Of course!

I'm a huge fan!

Haza: Yeah? You like it?

Koi: I guess you'd call it "horror suspense."

Koi: There are some pretty gross scenes,

but the thrills that seem to close in on you

Koi: and the realistic characters  are great, aren't they?

Haza: Right, right!

Haza: Did you know that Rohan Kishibe  actually lives in Morioh?

Koi: Huh?!

Koi: What?! He lives in Morioh?!

Koi: No way! You can't be serious! Really?!

Haza: I couldn't believe it, either!

Haza: But I happened to overhear  some realtors talking.

Haza: I know it seems unbelievable, but it's true!

Haza: Hey, want to go see if we  can get some autographs?

Morioh Station

Koi: Yes! Of course I'll go!

Sign: Rohan Kishibe's House

Haza: Looks like we think alike!

Koi: Really?

Kishibe,Sign: Kishibe

Koi: Over there!

Koi: I think that might be his studio.

Koi: The light's on!

Haza: You're right...

Koi: I wonder if he has any other family.

Haza: I heard he lives alone.

He debuted at sixteen, and now he's twenty.

Koi: Twenty?! He's so young!

Koi: So he became a pro at my age.

Haza: There's no point in snooping around, Koichi.

Haza: Try ringing the doorbell.

Koi: M-Me?

Haza: Oh, come on! I'm ordering you, as an older student.

Haza: I tend to get pretty nervous.

Koi: What? That's not fair...

Let's Go to the Manga Artist's House, Part  

Haza: That face!

Haza: Rohan Kishibe!

Haza: He looks just like his picture  in the New Year's deluxe edition!

Haza: Uh, I mean... Rohan-sensei!

Koi: H-Huh?

Rohan: Who are you two?

Rohan: What are you doing? Playing a prank?

Haza: N-No! We would never!

Um, we're students at Budogaoka High School.

Koi: W-We're fans of yours, Sensei.

Rohan: Fans? Of mine? You're readers?

Rohan: So my address has gotten out.

Haza: N-No, um... I just happened to overhear it.

Haza: So, I know this is sudden,

but it would make us really happy  if we could get your autograph.

Rohan: Fans of mine, eh?

Rohan: That's good.

We might be on the same wavelength, then.

Haza: Huh?

Rohan: Nothing, never mind. Pardon.

Rohan: An autograph or two is no problem at all.

Haza: Yes! I guess it's a good thing we came.

Rohan: I know.

Rohan: Since you're here, would you  like a tour of my studio?

Both: Huh?

Both: You'll let us go into your studio?!

Rohan: I'm already done with my work for  the day, so if you two would like...

Both: Of course!

Rohan: Then...

Both: Pardon the intrusion!

Rohan: Come in.

Haza: Wow!

Koi: Wow! Raw  -color manuscript!

Haza: This is amazing! It has so much more impact!

Haza: I-I'm so moved! I-I-I'm so glad that we came!

Koi: How long have you been working in Morioh?

Rohan: I moved here three months ago.

Rohan: My family home is in S City,

Rohan: but I lived here for a time when I was a child.

Rohan: Tokyo is very convenient,  but it's pretty chaotic.

Rohan: The environment is nowhere near

as calm as it is in Morioh,  and I can't work there.

Rohan: Not to mention,

Rohan: with the fax machines and copiers we have these days,

I have a system where, given four hours,

I can send in a complete manuscript.

Rohan: You could say there's no point in living in

the city now, other than for pointless status.

Haza: Um... So what do you do  for assistants or staff?

Rohan: I don't have any. I draw it all by myself.

Both: Huh? All by yourself?!

Koi: You draw    pages of such  elaborate art in just one week?!

Rohan: I can draw them in four days. Five if there are color pages.

JoJo-overlap,Both: What?!

Rohan: On the remaining days, I have  fun going on trips and such.

Rohan: I don't really like dealing with people,

and that's why I chose to be a manga artist.

Rohan: If I had an assistant, it'd be harder for me to work.

Koi: That's so amazing... Wow.

Haza: You're a genius!

Rohan: Pardon me for a moment.

Haza: Whoa, a s-spider!

Rohan: We really are out in the burbs.

There are a lot of bugs and spiders.

Haza: Um... Sensei?

Rohan: I see... So this spider is  an Araneus ventricosus...

Rohan: It can be found in houses and  mountainous regions all across Japan.

Rohan: Though it is an orb-weaver,

there are some that make webs day and night.

Rohan: By the way,

Rohan: do you two know what it takes  to draw an interesting manga?

Rohan: Reality!

Reality is the energy that breathes  life into a piece of work,

and reality itself is entertainment.

Rohan: People often think that manga are  drawn from imagination and fantasy,

Rohan: but that's not actually true!

Rohan: For me, drawing something  that I've experienced,

or something that has moved me, is what makes it interesting!

Rohan: For example, in the city, people would just  be grossed out by this spider and k*ll it.

Rohan: As a manga artist, you need to  know how its legs are connected,

where the eyes are, and how to tell  the difference between a male

and a female in order to be able to draw it.

Rohan: Apparently a spider's webbing hardens  when it's exposed to the air,

but you have to know what  hole it comes from,

Rohan: and what its innards look like.

Rohan: When a spider's belly is cut upon,  how does it suffer before it dies?

Rohan: You have to know these things  for the sake of reality.

Koi: That's so cruel!

Rohan: Cruel?!

Rohan: An amateur brat like you is  criticizing me, Rohan Kishibe?!

Koi: N-No! I wasn't criticizing at all! I'm sorry!

Rohan: I should have a taste, too.

Koi: Manga artists are really strange people,  just as the world perceives them!

Rohan: Very nice! That agonized expression...

Rohan: Perfect example of how one looks when puking!

Rohan: I should sketch it.

Haza: R-Really?

Rohan: Now it looks fake.

Rohan: Forget it. I won't sketch it.

Rohan: It won't be of any use.

Haza: I-I'm sorry.

Rohan: Autographs, wasn't it?

Rohan: I'll go get a signing pen from the kitchen,

Rohan: and bring out some tea, as well.

Haza: Oh, you don't have to...

Haza: But that's amazing! I had no idea...

Haza: Pink Dark Boy must be so amazing

because of how far he goes to  figure out all kinds of things...

Koi: Um, Hazamada...

Koi: I know we just got here, but, um...

Koi: Maybe we should go home.

Haza: Huh? Go home? You want to go home? Why?

Haza: This is a lot of fun!

Koi: I don't really have a reason, but...

Koi: I guess you could call it a hunch.

Koi: Though I'm not usually that perceptive...

Koi: I just suddenly got the feeling that  Rohan-sensei is a bit dangerous.

Haza: Dangerous?

Do you mean that he might be a Stand user?

Koi: No! Nothing like that. Just, um...

Haza: Just because Rohan-sensei's a bit unusual,

Haza: I don't think you should just  assume that he's a Stand user.

Koi: I'm not assuming that he is...

Koi: I just said I have a bad feeling.

Hza: Besides, if Rohan-sensei  actually is a Stand user,

wouldn't that be great for us?

Haza: That means I have something in common  with a famous manga artist.

Haza: But, all right.

If you have a bad feeling,  we can go home for today.

Haza: We can always come again.

Haza: But!

Haza: Only after I've looked at this thing that caught my eye.

Koi: Thing? What thing?

Haza: Ah, you're dense, Koichi!

On top of the desk, next to the phone.

Haza: Look carefully.

Koi: Oh! C-Could this be...

Haza: Yup! He said he just finished working, right?

I've been eyeing that carefully.

Koi: A manuscript for Pink Dark Boy that's just been finished?!

Koi: Does that mean no one else  has even seen it yet?!

Haza: Once I get a glimpse of this, we can go home.

Koi: We should get permission first.

Haza: Koichi, you don't know manga artists at all.

Haza: These manuscripts, before  they've gone to the printers,

are a closely-guarded trade secret!

Haza: There's no way he'd let us outsiders read a

manuscript that hasn't even  been checked by the editor yet!

Haza: I'll have a look, then put it right back.

Koi: That's an even worse idea!

Koi: It's fine! It's not like it can hurt anything.

Both: Huh?

Haza: What is this feeling?

It's always a thrilling manga, but is  this the impact of a raw manuscript?

Haz: I'm getting goosebumps!

Koi: It's so good!

Hurry up and turn the page, Hazamada.

Haza: I'm so moved!

rohan: It appears

rohan: that my manuscript was compatible  with you two after all.

rohan: I thought you would read it.

Rohan: And only those who are the first to read  my manuscript, and are compatible...

Koi: H-Hazamada...

Haza: K-Koichi...

Rohan: ...will have their hearts opened  by my ability, Heaven's Door!

Haza: A-Ability?!

Koi: My hand!

Haza: K-Koichi! What's going on?!

Morioh_Landmark_,Sign: Morioh Landmark   Manga Artist Rohan Kishibe's House Get off at the Morioh Kotodai  -chome  bus stop and walk   minute. Area: A mansion situated on     tsubo of land.  LDK plus an attic. If you actually go, he'll pretend to be out.

Rohan: There are a lot of things  recorded in the human body.

Rohan: Everything from the moment you were born.

Rohan: In order to read that, I will  turn you both into books.

Rohan: Books that have your lives written in them.

Haza: Help!

JoJo-overlap,Rohan: You read the manga too, didn't you?

Haza: It's happening to me, too!

JoJo-overlap,Koi: Hazamada!

Rohan: This will cause you no actual  harm, so don't worry.

Koi: Wh-What are you trying to do?!

Rohan: I told you earlier that for manga, the author's sense of reality is important, right?

Rohan: Which means reading about your lives and

experiences will offer me realistic ideas.

Rohan: You can't get this from interviews!

Rohan: You're going to tell me    % realistically, as if I had experienced it myself.

Rohan: Koichi Hirose. Born March   th,     ,  at   AM at Red Cross Hospital in S City.

Rohan: You were born premature at      grams,  and spent a week in an incubator.

Rohan: You're from a family of four,  and your older sister's name is Ayana...

I see...

Rohan: It appears that your grade school and  middle school days were pretty ordinary,

Rohan: and your personality is very honest.

Rohan: That's very commendable.

Rohan: You...

Rohan: What is this ability that you have?! Reverb?

Rohan: Someone other than me has an ability like this?!

Rohan: You, too?

Rohan: "Stand users!" This is...

Rohan: Everything from April of      on is amazing!

Rohan: You've only had amazing  experiences ever since!

Rohan: Josuke Higashikata, Jotaro Kujo,

Yukako Yamagishi, Okuyasu  Nijimura, Tamami Kobayashi...

Rohan: I can't believe it...

This is amazing! It's so entertaining!

Rohan: I just discovered the best material a manga  artist could hope for, Koichi Hirose!

Rohan: Shining Diamond,

Star Platinum,

The Hand, Love Deluxe, et cetera, et cetera!

Koi: Wh-What do you plan on doing with us?!

Rohan: I'm going to take your memories

so I can use them as material for my manga!

Koi: Reverb!

Koi: Please stop attacking us  with your Stand immediately!

Koi: Otherwise...

Rohan: Are you going to have Reverb  Act   att*ck me with sound?

Koi: Yes! Please release me from your Stand!

I won't hold back!

Rohan: I know. It's written on your   th page.

Rohan: You're far more timid than most people  and taken rather lightly by others,

Rohan: but when it's necessary, you have  courage that can overpower your fear.

Rohan: Truly magnificent!

Rohan: I'm very impressed with you!

Rohan: I'm sure my readers will  like your personality, too.

Koi: I'm not bluffing! I'm really  going to att*ck you!

Rohan: Oh, shut up...

Rohan: And just try it!

Koi: Reverb Act  !

Crash,Sign: Crash

Crash,Sign: Crash

Koi: Huh? I-I missed?!

Haza: Did you accidentally miss  or did you miss on purpose?

Haza: Your control is way off!

Koi: Then how about this?!

Crush,Sfx: Crash

Haza: Where are you attacking?!

Rohan: Koichi, sadly for you, I have  put a safety lock on Reverb.

Koi: Huh?

Rohan: You are now unable to att*ck me.

Haza: Safety lock?

Rohan: Look... I've already written it into  your   th page, right here.

I_cannot_att*ck_,Sign: I can not att*ck the manga  artist, Rohan Kishibe

Can_Not,: I can not att*ck the manga artist, Rohan Kishibe.

Can_Not,Sign: c

Can_Not,Sign: an

Can_Not,Sign: n

Can_Not,Sign: ot

Can_Not,Sign: can not

Rohan: This is Heaven's Door's ability.

Rohan: It lets me read people's experiences  via words and pictures,

and it also allows me to  write into your memories.

Rohan: You will now never be able to harm  me in any way, shape, or form.

Koi: Wh-What?!

Rohan: But that's all I'm going to mess with.

Rohan: If I write in any more, it'll make your life fake,

Rohan: so it wouldn't benefit my work at all.

Rohan: Let's see... I guess I'll  have a look at Hazamada, too.

Haza: Sensei! You are a genius! I admire you!

Rohan: Huh... I see.

Rohan: Let's see...

You sometimes feel relief after you've

picked on things weaker than yourself,  like kittens and small birds.

Rohan: You want to force yourself on Junko from  -E,

but you're too cowardly, so you can't.

Rohan: Your balls often get sweaty,

and when you're adjusting them during class,

nothing gives you a greater thrill than  the thought that someone might see you.

Rohan: You're an awful man.

There's no way my readers would like  you if I wrote you into my manga.

Rohan: You're useless.

Haza: No fair! There's no hope for me!

JoJo-overlap,Koi: Why?

Koi: Why are you doing this?

Even without reading about my experiences,  you're an amazing manga artist!

Koi: The world knows that!

Koi: You're living in this amazing  house at the age of twenty!

Koi: You're doing much better  than most people your age!

Koi: And yet, why do you need my memories?!

Rohan: Do you think that I,  Rohan Kishibe, draw manga

for the sake of money and attention?!

Rohan: I'm drawing manga so people will read it!

Rohan: So someone will read it!  That's the only reason!

Rohan: It's a very simple reason, but I  don't care about anything else!

Rohan: So that people will read it, I look for realistic material every day!

Rohan: Listen well. Whenever I finish  a manuscript, I feel amazing.

Rohan: Everyone feels great after  finishing work, don't they?

Rohan: But that feeling only lasts for an instant.

Rohan: It's only a little while,

because I start thinking that no one's  going to read my completed manga,

and my insecurities start to grow.

Rohan: Then I get even more insecure  because, maybe next week,

no one's going to read it, and  then I might not know what

to draw anymore, and I might not  feel like doing anything anymore.

Rohan: These feelings have been reoccurring  over and over since I was sixteen.

Rohan: Until three months ago, when someone sh*t me with an arrow,

and I gained the ability of Heaven's Door.

Haza: Keicho Nijimura...

Rohan: Yes, that was also written in you.

Rohan: I'm sure you two don't understand  the feeling of having found

the best material to use for drawing a masterpiece!

Rohan: But this is it, right now!

Rohan: It's the best!

Rohan: Koichi, I'm going to make your reality mine!

Haza: See, Koichi? Wasn't Rohan-sensei a great guy?

Haza: Aren't you glad we went?

Koi: Yeah! It was so much fun!

To_Hirose_Rohan_,Sign: To Hirose Rohan Kishibe

Koi: Not only did he give us  these great autographs,

he even served us tea and cookies.

Koi: I'd love to go again.

Haza: Yeah. Let's definitely go again.

Haza: Well, I'm heading this way, so...

Koi: He really was a great guy.

Rohan: You'll never speak of this, Koichi.

Koi: Huh?!

Koi: Wh-Why?!

Koi: How did I lose    kilograms?

Koi: But I don't look any different!

Koi: It reads five kilograms...

Koi: The scale's not broken.

Koi: Th-This is impossible!

Koi: Th-This has to be the work  of an enemy Stand user!

Koi: Otherwise, there's no way  I'd lose    kilograms!

Koi: But who...

Koi: I need to talk to Josuke about this.

Aya: What's the matter, Ko?

Koi: Huh?

Koi: Me? U-Uh...

Koi: Wait... What was it?

Aya: What are you talking about? Weirdo.

Phone: What's wrong?

Aya: Oh, nothing. My little brother's  wandering around in his underwear.

Koi: What was it?

I could have sworn I thought about  something really important just now.

Koi: Well, if I forgot about it, it can't be that important.

Koi: Man, my shoes and bag sure feel heavy today.

Koi: Huh?

Koi: Th-This house...

Koi: Why?

Koi: I somehow ended up walking to Rohan-sensei's house without realizing it.

Koi: The door's open...

Koi: I'd like to stop by and thank him for yesterday,

but then I'd be late for school. It's probably a bad idea.

Koi: He might actually still be asleep  since he's a manga artist.

Koi: I really shouldn't just barge into his house.

It's really not a good idea...

Josu: Hey, did you see that, Okuyasu?

Oku: Yeah...

Oku: We followed Koichi because  he was heading in the

opposite direction of the school,  but what the heck is he doing?

Oku: Whose house is that?

Oku: I have my doubts, but it's  not some chick, is it?

Koi: Rohan-sensei...

Koi: He's working so frantically.

Koi: But I wonder what it is...

I can't shake the feeling that being here is actually terrifying.

Koi: What is it?

Rohan: I'm glad you came.

Rohan: I've been waiting for you.  You're right on time.
Koi: What was it?

I've had this feeling ever since last night  that I'm supposed to do something...

Koi: Man, my shoes and bag sure feel heavy today.

Koi: Huh?

Koi: Th-This house...

Koi: Why?

Koi: I somehow ended up walking to Rohan-sensei's house without realizing it.

Koi: The door's open...

Koi: I'd like to stop by and  thank him for yesterday,

Koi: but then I'd be late for school. It's probably a bad idea.

Koi: He might still be asleep,  since he's a manga artist.

Koi: I really shouldn't just barge into his house.

Koi: It's a bad idea...

Koi: Rohan-sensei...

Koi: He's working so frantically.

Koi: But I wonder what it is...

Koi: I can't shake the feeling that being here is actually terrifying.

Koi: What is it?

rohan: I'm glad you came.

Rohan: I've been waiting for you.

You're right on time.

Koi: Huh?

Rohan: However, could I ask you  to wait a little while?

Roha: Two more pages, and I'll be done  with the manuscript for next week.

Roha: I think I'll be done in about twenty minutes.

Koi: Twenty minutes?

Did he just say he'd finish  two pages in twenty minutes?

Koi: Did I hear him wrong?

Koi: Two totally blank pages of manuscript in twenty minutes?

Koi: No way... And he said next week's?

Koi: We only just read this week's manuscript  yesterday, and he'd just finished it.

Koi: What?! You're not going to do pencils first?!

Koi: I-I can't believe it...

He didn't even draw that  complicated story in pencil first!

Koi: It's getting more and more complete...  And he's even drawing the backgrounds with it!

Koi: Wh-What was that just now?!

I couldn't really see it. What did he do?!

Koi: What?! H-He's doing the beta!

Koi: He's flinging ink around like shurikens,

Koi: and hitting exactly the right spots  without going out of the lines!

Koi: Th-This technique...

Koi: Aren't you supposed to fill in beta  by hand with a brush?!

Boom,Sfx: Boom

Koi: He's already done with the beta!

Koi: It's only been about two minutes  since the page was completely white!

Rohan: It's all thanks to you, Koichi.

Rohan: The urge to work keeps welling up in me!

Rohan: I want to draw so bad, I can't help it!

Roha: I just want to keep drawing!

Roha: This is the first time I've been able

to draw nineteen pages in one night!

Roha: I'm drawing a masterpiece right now!

Roha: Your experiences are amazing!

Roha: It's because I'm using your experience  as the source of my story, Koichi!

JoJo-top,Koi: Huh?

JoJo-top,Koi: What...

Roha: Hurry! I want your next reality!

Roha: Let me see your next page!

Roha: The more pages I take,  the more weight you'll lose,

but you don't care, right?

Roha: Because you're going to become  a masterpiece and live forever!

Flip,Sfx: Flip

Koi: I-I remember now!

Heaven's Door!

Y-You're a Stand user!

JoJo-top,Roha: Hey, now...

Let's Go to the Manga Artist's House, Part  

JoJo-top,: I've managed to make a book

JoJo-top,: from a single panel rather  than an entire work!

Roha: This is amazing!

I'm growing as a manga  artist and as a Stand user!

Roha: I'm going read this now, Koichi.

Roha: Oh, my...

Those faces belong to Shining  Diamond's Josuke Higashikata

and The Hand's Okuyasu Nijimura.

Oha: How curious.

Roha: Why would those two be at my house?

Roha: There's no way Koichi would  tell those two about me.

Roha: How strange...

Roha: Huh?

Koi: I-It's Josuke and Okuyasu!

I'm not sure how they found  out I was here, but...

Koi: N-Now they can save me somehow!

Koi: Somehow...

Koi: I have to get them to save me!

Koi: Huh? Okuyasu and Josuke?

Koi: How did you know I was here?

Roha: Now, then...

Roha: Right now, I don't have any  interest in Josuke and Okuyasu.

Roha: I'm just going to finish up the  last two pages for next week,

and steal even more material from Koichi!

Roha: I'm so excited!

Oku: Huh? You were watching a  manga artist do his work?

Oku: This is where that manga artist works?

Rohan Kishibe?

Oku: Is he famous or something?

Oku: Have you heard of him, Josuke?

Josu: Nah. Even that villain Hazamada

made fun of me for not knowing what Perman was.

Koi: That wasn't it.

That wasn't what I wanted  to say to them just now.

Koi: But what was it?

Josu: Well, we were following you  because we were worried

since you were just wandering around,

Josu: but if nothing's wrong, then good. I'm relieved.

Koi: Thanks.

Do you want to come inside  and watch with me?

Josu: Nah, I'll pass.

Josu: I'd get nervous around somebody famous.

Oku: Same here.

I'm just satisfied knowing that you

didn't come here to meet some chick.

Josu: See ya, Koichi.

Koi: Okay.

Koi: I know I'm forgetting something.

I know I forgot to tell them  something really important.

Koi: I remember now!

Koi: I-I was going to ask for help!

Koi: Josuke! Okuyasu!

Koi: I'll head to school soon!

Oku: Sure!

Josu: Don't be late.

Koi: Got it!

Koi: N-No!

Koi: That's not what I wanted to say!

Can_Not,Sign: I can not att*ck the manga  artist, Rohan Kishibe

Can_Not,Sign: can not

Koi: It's no use! I can't ask them for help.

Koi: C-Can there be a Stand as terrifying as this?!

Koi: Heaven's Door is way too strong!  There's no way to att*ck it!

Sign: Scribble Scribble Scribble

Roha: Ah, I see...

Sign: Scribble Scribble Scribble

Roha: At this rate, he's going to rip  everything out of me and k*ll me!

Stop,Sign: Stop

Roha: Someone's coming into this mansion!

Roha: What did you do downstairs just now, Koichi?

Koi: Huh?

Koi: Okuyasu!

Oku: Whoa, there! Don't you dare turn around.

Oku: Try anything funny, and I'll crush  you with my Stand, you .

Koi: Okuyasu!

I don't know how you knew that  I was in danger, but I'm so happy!

Roha: It appears he figured it out coincidentally.

Roha: I just realized, but the wound on your hand

must have signaled him  that something was wrong.

Roha: It looks like you scratched it or  caught it on something while crawling.

Koi: I-I was so absorbed, I didn't even notice...

Roha: That's how you figured it out,  right, Okuyasu Nijimura?

Stand name: The Hand...

Roha: You have a complex regarding your dead brother, Keicho,

and whenever you try to make a decision,

you wish that your brother were there.

Oku: Wha...

Oku: What? Who is this guy?

Oku: Hey, Koichi, tell me what  this guy's Stand is!

Koi: W-Well...

Koi: I-I can't!

Koi: I can't say anything that'll put  Rohan Kishibe at a disadvantage.

Koi: If you see even one panel, you lose!

I want to tell you not to look!

Koi: Don't look at that manga!

Okku: Hey, I told you not to move!

Roha: Okuyasu, I wasn't interested in you,

but now that you're in  this house, I have no choice.

Roha: I'll have to turn you into material, too.

Oku: You!

Oku: What?!

Koi: H-He's fast!

Koi: Okuyasu!

Oku: What is this?!

Roha: Josuke Higashikata,

Rooha: you're there, aren't you?

Signtop: Ro

Signtop: Rohan

Signtop: Rohan Kishi

Signtop: Rohan Kishibe

Signbot: Hea

Signbot: Heave

Signbot: Heaven

Signbot: Heaven's

Signbot: Heaven's Do

Signbot: Heaven's Doo

Signbot: Heaven's Door

Koi: Okuyasu!

Oku: What is up with this manga artist?

Roha: Oh, shut up.

Roha: Now, then... Koichi,  I have a question for you.

Koi: Huh?

Roha: Why do you think Josuke Higashikata

is hiding behind that door there?

Roha: Well? What do you think?

Why won't he come out, Koichi?

Koi: Josuke is hiding so he won't see your manga.

Roha: Yes, that is correct. You're pretty smart.

Roha: Okuyasu Nijimura there didn't  know about my Heaven's Door,

so I was able to trick him.

Roha: But unfortunately, because of that, Josuke  Higashikata now knows who I really am.

Roha: On that point, I feel I'm seriously,

no, without a doubt, put at  a very big disadvantage.

Roha: There's also another reason that Josuke  Higashikata is hiding behind the door.

Roha: What do you think that is?

Roha: In order to prevent that from happening,

Roha: I have to somehow drag him  out from behind that door.

Oku: He's in the middle of trying to figure  out how he's going to k*ll you!

Roha: That's also true.

But it's not the exact answer I'm looking for.

Roha: The correct answer is...

Roha: Josuke Higashikata is contemplating whether

he should flee this mansion alone or not.

Koi: Josuke would never do that!

Roha: Right, Koichi.

Roha: It was written in your files that  Josuke Higashikata's personality

would never allow him to abandon you two.

Roha: But you see, manga artists  have a habit of thinking about

every conceivable possibility  because of their job.

Roha: Like, what are all of the possible actions

that the protagonist can  take in this situation?

Roha: In this case, having Josuke run away  now that he knows who I really am

is truly troublesome to me.

Oku: Run... Actually, that might be a good idea.

Oku: He'd be able to get Jotaro,

and if Yukako finds out  what's happening to Koichi,

she'll be super annoyed.

Koi: Ah! We could win with her hair!

Though I don't want to see her!

Oku: Do that, Josuke! Hurry up and let them know!

Roha: You fools!

I explained that to you  so that it wouldn't happen!

Roha: Okuyasu! I already wrote that into your body!

Koi: Huh?

Roha: I'll allow you to explain what I wrote  in there to those two, Koichi.

Koi: No!

Oku: What's written there, Koichi?

Koi: B-But that's... No...

Koi: We can't run anymore!

Koi: You can't run away from this!

Oku: I'm asking you what's written there, Koichi!

Sign: If Josuke Higashikata makes trouble for Rohan Kishibe, I will commit su1c1de by self-immolation

Sign: If Josuke Higashikata makes trouble for Rohan Kishibe, I will commit su1c1de by self-immolation

Oku: S-su1c1de?!

Koi: You'll commit su1c1de if  Josuke even tries to help us!

Oku: H-Hey, hey! I'll commit  su1c1de by self-immolation?

Oku: Don't be stupid! Like I'd die  in such a horrific way!

Oku: Huh?

Koi: But you will! He's invincible!

We can't defy him, no matter what!

Oku: Stop! My right hand!

Roha: So you've come out.

Koi: It's not that he came out,  but he was basically dragged out.

Roha: Ah... That's rather childish and simple,  but it might be quite effective.

Roha: This room is small and  there's nowhere to run.

Roha: If you can defeat me in a single blow,  Heaven's Door will disappear,

and Okuyasu won't commit su1c1de.

Koi: Josuke!

Koi: Closing his eyes is pretty simple,  but it might be a good idea.

Koi: As long as he doesn't see the manuscript,  Heaven's Door is powerless.

Koi: Just come charging straight in like that!

Roha: Which means...

Roha: I just need to open your eyes somehow.

Roha: Oh! He was able to withstand that.

This isn't good...

Roha: If he comes charging at me, I'll be finished.

JoJo-topinternal,Roha: If I were a protagonist in a manga,  what would I do in this situation?

seconds,Sign: seconds

JoJo-topinternal,Roha: How would I get him to open his eyes?

Koi: Go, Josuke!

Oku: Hurry up, Josuke!

Roha: I know!

There was something written in Koichi's file...

Roha: There! This is it!

Roha: I'm going to laugh at your hairstyle, Josuke!

Roha: That's from, like, twenty or thirty years ago!

Roha: You actually think that's cool?

Roha: How's that?

Roha: Looks like he gets angry if I say that.

Roha: It's sort of hard to believe,  but the file doesn't lie.

It's    % true.

Josu: What did you say just now?

Oku: J-Josuke, calm down!

Josu: Just try and say that one more time!

Roha: You opened them...

Roha: Didn't you hear me?

It appears that you think  that hairstyle is cool,

but it doesn't look good on you at all.

Roha: It's lame!

Roha: Though a dirty little bird might  like to make your head its nest.

Roha: That's just a maybe, though.

Roha: Heaven's Door!

Roha: I've won.

Koi: Huh?!

Oku: What?!

Roha: Wh-What was that?

Roha: I-I know that I opened his eyes  and showed him the manuscript!

Koi: W-We're back to normal!

Roha: I'm certain that I showed it to him... Why?

Josu: Where did you fly off to?!

Josu: Come back out here, !

Oku: No, he totally didn't see...

Koi: He didn't see?

Do you mean that he's so worked up,

he doesn't even know what he's doing?

Josu: Where are you hiding, you foolishass?!

Josu: Get out here!

Oku: Yeah... He's the kind of guy that loses sight

of everything, even that manuscript,  when someone disses his hair.

Koi: I had no idea he actually got this mad.

Koi: This is way worse than I imagined.

Roha: What?

Roha: S-Something about Josuke's personality  that Koichi didn't know?

Roha: That means it's information  that's not in the file!

Roha: Why? Why does he get so  mad about his hairstyle?

Roha: There has to be a reason... Why?

Josu: I won't forgive anyone who disses my hair!

Josu: I won't keep quiet, no matter who it is!

Koi: The reason behind his hair...

I think I heard a little about it before.

Koi: That just might be why...

Oku: Huh? What are you talking about?

Koi: It has to do with when  Josuke was a kid, but...

Koi: This story is going to include my own

guesses about why this happened.

Koi: Apparently, when Josuke was four,

he passed out from an  inexplicable high fever,

Koi: and for fifty days, they weren't sure whether he'd live or die.

Tomo: Josuke...

Koi: He found out later that it  was right around the time

when Jotaro and Mr. Joestar

went to Egypt to defeat the man named DIO.

Koi: But at the time, they had  no idea it happened,

so Josuke's mom drove him  to a hospital in S City.

Koi: But on that day, Morioh was hit with  its worst blizzard in    years.

Tomo: It's no use... What should I do?

Tomo: Cars don't come by here often,

: and there are no pay phones.

Tomo: I should have called an  ambulance at the house.

Tomo: I shouldn't have brought  Josuke out in this snow.

Koi: That's when it happened.

Tomo: Wh-What do you want? Go away!

Sign: That kid is sick, right? I'll push your car for you.

Tomo: Huh?

Sign: Hurry up and step on the gas.

Sign: Once you get moving, don't stop. Just keep going...  Or your tires will get stuck in the snow again.

Tomo: O-Okay...

Tomo: Thank you!

Koi: His mom looked for that boy later,

but couldn't find a single lead.

Koi: Though the boy didn't personally save Josuke's life,

Koi: the four-year-old Josuke  thought that what the boy did

made him his hero.

Koi: He's an inspiration that's  b*rned into his heart,

and his example of how to live.

Koi: So when someone insults that,

something deep in his heart snaps.

Josu: I don't know who he is,

: but I admire him so much  that I copied his hairstyle.

Josu: And I won't forgive anyone who insults it,

Josu: because it's the same as insulting him.

Koi: I think that story might be the reason.

Koi: Though I thought Josuke was making it up,

so I wasn't listening very carefully.

Oku: Huh... I had no idea something  like that happened.

Koi: Rohan's holding a pen!

Oku: villain! You're going to try again?!

Roh: N-No...

I-I wanted to sketch this and write a memo before I lost consciousness.

Roha: What a wonderful story! And I just  experienced something amazing.

Roha: I'm so happy.

I don't get to experience  something like this often.

Roha: If I can make it work in my own project...

Roha: I'm so lucky.

I'm so glad I moved to Morioh.

Oku: It's no use.

Until he dies, he'll keep trying  to use anything as material

for his manga, no matter how  horrible the experience.

Koi: At this point, you have to commend him.

Koi: Putting good and bad aside,  I have to admire that attitude.

Koi: He really is a super manga artist.

Josu: There you are, manga artist!

Josu: I'm not done punching you!

Oku: You sort of have to commend him, too.

Koi: Y-Yeah...

Speech bubble: Sorry!

Sign top: Rohan Kishibe's  Pink Dark Boy  — Notice of Hiatus —

TParagraph: Thank you for always reading Pink Dark Boy. For personal reasons, we will be on hiatus for about one month. (From the Editors)
Jojo: Josuke, I'm about to go hunting.

Josu: Huh?

Jojo: Come with me.

Josu: Huh?

Josu: W-Wait a sec, Jotaro. Did you just say "hunting"?

Josu: Does that mean...

Josu: We're gonna be hunting down  some chicks with nice bodies?

Josu: I'm a guy who's more into pure love, so I've never done that.

Josu: I wonder if I can do it...

Jojo: Akira Otoishi confessed yesterday.

Josu: Otoishi did?!

Jojo: Before his identity was revealed,  he was using the bow and arrow.

Jojo: He happened to sh**t a rat with the arrow.

Josu: A rat?!

Jojo: The rat didn't die after it was sh*t.

It writhed in pain and freed itself from the arrow,

then ran away.

Jojo: So even though it's a rat, this means that

it has definitely obtained Stand abilities.

Jojo: I'm not sure what kind of Stand it is,

but we have to hunt it down before something happens.

JoJo-MainTitle,Title: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

JoJo-MainTitle ,Title: Diamond is Unbreakable

JoJo-MainTitle ,: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

JoJo-MainTitle ,: Diamond is Unbreakable

Let's Go Hunting!

Josu: Wow, kewl!

Jojo: Getting a small, quick rat into your  Stand's range will be difficult,

but by using the bearings, your range  will increase to about    meters.

Jojo: This should be obvious, but it  won't work against a Stand.

Jjo: You'll only be able to use it to defeat the user.

Try it.

Josu: What? I have to do it, too?

Josu: I don't know... My mind tends to wander  when ball-shaped things are involved.

Josu: The second one was so close!

Jojo: Not bad. I'd give it    points.

Jojo: But before our pursuit,  I'll give you a warning.

Jojo: When dealing with living creatures,

you need to put composure ahead of speed.

Jojo: If the rat enters your range and you miss,

it won't ever step into your range again.

Jojo: So don't fire until you're positive you'll hit it.

Jojo: I'm not trying to put pressure on you, but remember that.

Josu: I'm feeling plenty pressured now.

Jojo: Apparently, Akira Otoishi sh*t the rat

near this irrigation canal.

Jojo: Given the area, it was probably a brown rat.

Jojo: Brown rats can swim, live anywhere, and eat anything.

Jojo: The big ones reach about     to    centimeters long,

and some can weigh one kilogram.

Jojo: They can jump about   meters.

Jojo: Found it.

Josu: Aren't those a bird's tracks?

Jojo: Their front paws have four digits,  and the back ones have five.

Jojo: It's dragging something, forming this S-shape.

Jojo: This line was made by its tail.

Jojo: It's a rat that's around    centimeters long.

I'm not sure how many,  but they're definitely here.

Jojo: There's a tick on this leaf.

That means rats come through here often.

Jojo: Without a doubt, there's a nest  deep in that drainage channel.

Jojo: For now, we'll set a trap  here and video tape it.

Josu: That's one of those cameras that let you  watch while you're taping, right?

Josu: You're not using cheese for the trap?

Jojo: It's a crumb of tempura.

Cheese is too extravagant for rats.

Josu: There sure are a lot of flies...

Josu: Jotaro!

Josu: Th-This is...

Jojo: Rat corpses?

Josu: It's exactly what it looks like!

Josu: It's like the jelly from stewed fish.

Josu: Why the heck are you poking at it?!

Jojo: It's flesh.

Jojo: The flesh of these rats was melted  once, then hardened again.

Jojo: And they d*ed from having the flesh  under their skin melted.

Josu: What do you even do to leave  behind a corpse like this?

Jojo: I'm not sure...

But we can probably assume it's the  work of the rat that we're after.

Josu: It used its Stand?

Jojo: It k*lled the others and  made their territory its own.

Jojo: Which means...

Jojo: It's definitely making a nest at  the end of this drainage channel.

Jojo: But the question is

if something capable of doing  this will just stay quiet.

Jojo: Looks like the drainage  channel leads to that farm.

Jojo: We might already be too late.

Josu: R-Really?

Jojo: They have a chicken coop, but there aren't any chickens.

Jojo: There are no signs of life at the house, either.

Jojo: It doesn't look like they just went out, and the front door isn't locked.

Jojo: The rat is there.

And just as I feared,

it's likely that the people living  there have already been k*lled.

Jojo: Let's go check out that house.

Jojo: The rat will let us approach within a certain distance,

Jojo: because it's confident that no  slow human is going to catch it.

Jojo: It's not expecting us to blast bearings at it.

Jjo: That's how we'll get close  enough to nail it in one sh*t.

Jojo: Found something.

Jojo: Rat droppings.

Jojo: Not made up of grass or grain, either.

It's meat.

Jjo: They're heading toward this room.

Jojo: Let's check it out.

Josu: Right.

Josu: What is that?

Josu: The sound of a refrigerator's compressor?

Josu: What the heck?

Does the refrigerator in  this house open on its own?

Josu: Has the magnet in the door weakened?

Josu: What?! There it is!

Josu: ! It's right there!

Josu: That's what opened the refrigerator just now!

Josu: Can rats actually open refrigerator doors?!

Josu: Nah... Someone living here must  not have shut the door all the way.

Josu: And... Am I actually naïve  enough to believe that?

Josu: This rat is a Stand user!

Josu: Jo—

Josu: Jotaro's not here!

Josu: He went to the next room.

Josu: Great. Now our eyes have met.

Josu: Th-This is...

Josu: Did that rat do this?!

Josu: They're still alive...

Josu: Are you telling me that rat used  its Stand to turn the owners

into this, then preserved them in the fridge?

Josu: And it's eating them!

Josu:  it... Jotaro's not coming back.

Josu: That means I'm gonna have to k*ll this thing.

Josu: When dealing with living creatures,

I need to put composure ahead of speed, right?

Josu: If I don't get it in one try,  it'll figure out my range.

Josu: That's what he said, right?  it...

Josu: Talk about pressure!

Josu: From here, the table and chair  are slightly in the way.

Josu: I'm gonna make sure I blast this  bearing right into your forehead.

Josu: Stay right there for a bit...

Josu: ! It stopped eating.

Josu: If I move any more, it might run away!

Josu: I have no choice! It'll be an adventure,

but I'm gonna have to sh**t from here!

Josu: It's moving! Now!

Crush,Sfx: Crush

Josu: Yes!

Josu: It wasn't a fatal blow!

Josu: There it is!

That must be its Stand!

Josu: You're gonna try to att*ck me?

Don't underestimate me!

Josu: I'll get you with the next sh*t!

Josu: Crap! It's running under the table to get away!

Josu: I'm not going to let you!

Josu: Jotaro, what are you doing?!

The rat's here!

Josu: That shape...

Josu: ! It's a Stand that sh**t something!

Josu: What should I do? Slap it  away with my bare hands?

Josu: But that's gross, so maybe not...

Josu: Which is it?

Josu: Did I hit it, or did I miss?

Josu: You!

Josu: Yes! I nailed it!

Josu: I didn't hit it in the forehead, but I b*at it.

Josu: That was close...

Josu: Jotaro, over here!

Josu: I got the rat! It's over!

Josu: Ah. What were you doing?

You went missing at the most crucial time.

Josu: I felt totally stranded.

Josu: But wouldn't you know it...

I just barely made the bearing sh*t.

Josu: I wasn't trying to do a pun with "barely" there.

Josu: It had a Stand that sh*t  something like needles.

Josu: I bet if they hit you, they melt your flesh.

Josu: The people who live here got hit, but they're still alive.

Josu: I can fix them with Shining Diamond.

Jojo: If we don't take care of this by sundown,

we may have a problem.

Josu: Huh?

Jojo: There's one more. I was just att*cked by it.

Josu: Jotaro! Y-Your hand...

Jojo: I was hit in the next room.

I could have dodged it...

Grabbing it to figure out the effects  of those needles was a mistake.

Jojo: Just by touching the needle,

some kind of "Stand poison" courses  through you, melting even Stands.

Jojo: Getting hit by five or six of those

would be enough to turn  a human into mush.

Josu: Thank goodness I dodged!

Josu: I'm lucky our personalities are so different.

Jojo: That rat ran outside afterward.

Jojo: It must've figured out that you  finished off the one in the kitchen.

Jojo: I hate to ask, but I'm sort of waiting  for you to fix me up quickly.

Josu: O-Oh, right!

Josu: !

Why does there have to be another one?

Signtop: Jo

Signtop: Jota

Signtop: Jotaro Ku

Signtop: Jotaro Kujo

Signbot: S

Signbot: Sta

Signbot: Star

Signbot: Star P

Signbot: Star Pla

Signbot: Star Plati

Signbot: Star Platinum

Speed: Hello, this is the Speedwagon  Foundation research team.

Jojo: Hello, this is Jotaro Kujo.

Speed: Jotaro!

: We've tried to call you several times already.

Jojo: I was in pursuit, so my ringer was off.

Jojo: Does it have to do with Otoishi?

Speed: Yes. Akira Otoishi hid the fact  that he had sh*t two rats.

Jojo: Let me confirm.

It was two, and not three or four?

Speed: Yes, there's no doubt about it.

Jojo: Good grief, Akira Otoishi...

Jojo: Way to go.

Jojo: It kills everything in its territory,

whether they are humans or its own kind.

Jojo: It only cares about itself.

Jojo: It's not a creature that should be  allowed to live on this Earth anymore.

Josu: Jotaro, wait!

How are you planning to chase  after a tiny little rat

that's run out into this giant field?

Jojo: The author of Seton Animal  Chronicles, E.T. Seton, said,

"There is no animal that cannot be tracked."

Jojo: Rats have a habit of not wanting  to go down an unfamiliar path.

Jojo: Which means, without a doubt, it went back

toward that irrigation channel.

Jojo: And if they don't eat constantly,

they will die from starvation  after about ten hours.

Jojo: There... Those bite marks are new.

Josu: Yes! This is awesome!

Josu: We'll be able to corner it!

Josu: Take a look at this.

Josu: It didn't even glance at the bait in the trap.

Jojo: It's on the video.

Jojo: Its ear looks like a leaf that's been eaten on by a bug.

Jojo: Let's call it "Bug-Eaten" from now on.

Jojo: Look at how cautious it is...

Jojo: Unlike earlier,

we can probably bet that  Bug-Eaten won't let us

within    meters of him.

Jojo: These are r*fle rounds.

Jojo: Just in case, I brought four rounds.

Josu: A-Actual rounds?!

Jojo: Because of air resistance,  when round bearings fly

over    meters, the point  of impact goes off-course.

Jojo: With the head of this round, we'll be okay up to    meters.

Josu: Am I going to sh**t that  with my Stand's hand, too?

Josu: I'm not confident about this at all.

Jojo: Of course not. I guess I'll just have to do it.

Josu: Hold on...

Josu: Why'd you have to say it like that?

That kind of angry me off.

Josu: I'm the one who took care of the other one!

Josu: Sure, it wasn't a perfect sh*t, but...

Jojo: Right. So carry two rounds.

Josu: Huh?

Josu: S-So much pressure...

Jojo: Be careful. There are leeches in this puddle.

Josu: What?!

Jojo: Impossible...

Josu: What's wrong?

Jojo: Be careful, Josuke.

The footprints suddenly disappear here.

Josu: What is this?!

Why'd the footprints disappear?

Josu: I know! It's under the dirt.

It must've dug a hole, then covered itself.

Jojo: No!

This is backtracking...

I didn't think that rats did it, too.

Josu: Backtracking?

Jojo: Backtracking is a special  instinct that wild animals have

in which they go back the way  they came to hide from an enemy.

Jojo: In Japan, it's said that brown bears,  weasels, and rabbits do this.

Jojo: But there's no record of  rats backtracking, too.

Josu: Does that mean, basically,  that the rat put one over on us?

Jojo: Things aren't looking good.

With this terrain...

We might actually be the  ones who are being hunted.

Josu: I feel like something's staring at us.

We need to hide behind a rock.

Jojo: Move calmly...

Jojo: Bug-Eaten's Stand's att*ck  isn't too fast for us to see.

Jojo: Don't miss where it's coming from.

Jojo: If we can find where it's hiding, we'll sh**t it instead.

Josu: What is this?!

Josu: Wha?!

Josu: The rat used the trap that we set for it?

Jojo: Star Platinum, The World!

Jojo: Good grief.

Jojo: Don't panic.

I took out the needle before  the poison spread,

along with the flesh that it pierced.

Jojo: Put a bandage on it.

Jojo: And I figured out where the rat's hiding.

Jojo: Halfway up the hill, near those three rocks.

Josu: You're amazing! Both the rat and you, Jotaro!

Josu: Am I the only loser this time around?

Jojo: It's    meters away.

Jojo: It doesn't look like it's going  to sh**t more needles yet.

Jojo: It knows that if it sh**t too much,

we'll be able to pinpoint  its location and att*ck.

Jojo: Stubborn little villain.

Josu: Why are you complimenting the rat?

Josu: We need to do something.

Jojo: Well said, Josuke.

We need to give it everything we've got,

or Bug-Eaten's gonna get us.

Jojo: I'll give you all four rounds.

Jojo: At this distance, it'll go up like a slider,

so aim one centimeter lower than the target.

Josu: Jotaro? What are you going to do?

Jojo: I'm going to get closer so it'll sh**t the needles.

Jojo: You're going to find out where it is, Josuke...

Jojo: And then you're going to att*ck.

Josu: Wh-What?!

Jojo: You're the only one who can do this.

Jojo: Even if I get hit with one  or two of its needles,

I can have Shining Diamond fix me.

Jojo: But Josuke, you can't fix yourself.

Jojo: Give it all you've got, Josuke!

Josu: I-I need time to mentally prepare!

Jojo: Star Platinum, The World!

Jojo: Did you find it?

Ojsu: N-No... It moved right after it fired!

Jojo: I'll try to get closer while  going up the side of the hill.

Jojo: Look for the moment it fires.

Josu: The moment it fires...

Josu: Th-The pressure!

Josu: There! I see it!

Jojo: What?!

Jojo: That one calculated that I'd dodge

and then fired the needles at the rocks?

Jojo: It ricocheted?

Josu: Jotaro!

Jojo: Don't look at me, Josuke!

Aim at the rat!

Get it right when it's about to att*ck!

Josu: This isn't good.

I've got four rounds, but I won't  get any more chances.

Josu: If I waste any time...

Jojo: Here we go, Josuke.

Josu: There! It's the same spot as before.

Josu: But it's hiding behind the rocks.

Josu: ! If only it was looking over here...

Josu: But I've got to do this!

Josu: I'm just going to have  to hit that small target!

Josu: I'm suddenly feeling stronger.

I'm going to get you, you little villain.

Jojo: Josuke missed...

Josu: So you did look.

I thought you'd look if I missed,  and face your body this way.

Josu: Now I can target you for sure.

Josu: In the end, I wasn't a loser at all.

Josu: Call me Josuke Higashikata,  the man who deflects pressure!

Jojo: The Stand rats that Akira Otoishi created...

Jojo: Considering the destruction of  nature that humanity brought on,

I'm not sure how to feel...

Jojo: But thankfully, Josuke's pretty reliable.

Jojo: Good grief. We can finally relax a little.
Sign: You Are Here

Rohan: Koichi...

Rohan: Over here, Koichi.

Koi: Ah! R-Rohan Kishibe!

Rohan: Come on, now. You don't have  to put up your guard like that.

Rohan: It's not like I'm going to harm you.

Rohan: Besides, when I read you with Heaven's Door,

I actually felt a lot of admiration for you.

Rohan: I have a feeling we have a lot in common.

Rohan: Don't you think so?

Koi: Uh...

Rohan: You see, there's something  that I wanted to ask you.

Rohan: I lived around here from when I was  a baby up until I was about four.

Rohan: I wanted to find the place where I lived then, for nostalgia's sake.

Rohan: It's also a manga artist's job  to remember their childhood.

Rohan: But the memories would be from  when I was three or four,

so I don't remember much.

Oh...

Rohan: What I wanted to ask you  about is this town map.

It's quite bizarre.

Rohan: Look.

Sign: Convenience Store Owson

Sign: Kisara Drugstore

Sign: Soba Shop Arisugawa

Sign: Tailor Tanaka

Sign: You Are Here

Rohan: Soba Shop Arisugawa, Kisara Drugstore,

and the convenience store Owson is how  the shops line up from the right.

Koi: Huh?

Rohan: Now look at the actual shops.

Rohan: From the right, it's Soba Shop  Arisugawa, Kisara Drugstore, and...

Rohan: Owson on the left...

Koi: Huh?

Koi: The road between Owson and  the drugstore isn't on the map.

How lazy of them.

Rohan: Koichi, will you come with me for a bit?

Rohan: I'd be very grateful if you'd  show me around here.

Koi: Huh? Well, I, uh...

Rohan: Even after I, Rohan Kishibe,  have asked so courteously?

Rohan: I see.

So you're not even willing  to walk ten or so meters.

Koi: You're so selfish. Ah...

Koi: Just five minutes, okay, Sensei?

Koi: Just five minutes!

Rohan Kishibe's Adventure

Roha: Isn't it bizarre?

Roha: This road isn't on this  /     scale map

of Morioh published by  National Map Publishers.

Koi: Huh? Sometimes if you find errors in maps,

they'll give you a bookstore gift certificate.

Koi: Ugh...

Roha: Ah, this map is infuriating.

Roha: Look, Koichi.

Yonemori,Sign: Yonemori

Roha: These houses that say "Yonemori," "Honma,"  and "Onodera" aren't on it, either.

Honma,Sign: Honma

Numakura,Sign: Numakura

Onodera,Sin: Onodera

Roha: This map is filled with errors.

Two or three bookstore  gift certificates won't cover this.

Koi: Rohan-sensei..

Koi: Looks like an empty house.

Rocky,Sign: Rocky

Koi: What a strange place.

Koi: It doesn't look like anyone lives  in these four or five houses.

Roha: Even the electricity to the  vending machine's been cut.

Koi: Huh?

Koi: That post box...

Koi: This is where we first turned.

Koi: How strange...

How did we end up back where we started again?

Roha: But we turned right, left,  then right, so how...

Roha: It's possible that we're being  att*cked by someone's Stand.

Koi: Huh? Stand?!

Roha: Koichi, would you have  Reverb fly up to the sky?

Koi: I see!

If it looks down from above, we'll see which way to go.

Koi: Reverb Act  !

Roha: What's the matter?

Koi: Th-There's something there.

Koi: Something touched it up in the sky.

Roha: I didn't see anything.

Koi: But something definitely touched it!

Reimi: Are you two lost?

Rei: Want me to show you the way?

Roha: A girl!

Koi: That girl's a Stand user!

Roha: Heaven's Door!

Roha: Don't even give her a chance to speak!

Victory to the swiftest!

Boom,Sfx: Boom

Roha: Now we're safe.

She won't be able to harm us.

Koi: That's amazing!

Koi: I-It looked like a drawing  leaped out just now...

Roha: I guess that means I've matured a bit.

Roha: Though it wouldn't work  on lame people like Josuke,

who don't like my manga.

Roha: We're on the same wavelength.

Roha: She's not a Stand user.  She's just a normal girl.

Koi: Huh? Sh-She's not an enemy?

Roha: Right. You can't hide  anything from Heaven's Door.

Roha: She's Reimi Sugimoto, age   .

Her address is  -  , Kotodai, Morioh.

It's right over there.

Roha: She doesn't have a boyfriend.  Her measurements are   -  -   centimeters.

Roha: She has a mole on the  side of her left nipple.

Roha: She had her first period the  September after she turned   .

Roha: The first time she kissed a boy,  he forced his tongue into her mouth.

Koi: Hey! Hold on a sec, Rohan Kishibe!

Koi: If that girl's not a Stand user,

then I won't allow you to  read any more about her!

Roha: All right, all right.

Roha: Don't get so angry.

"She'll forget everything  that just happened." There.

Rei: Want me to show you the way?

Rei: A lot of people get lost around here,

since all the alleys looks alike.

Roha: We'll be fine if you could  just tell us which way to go.

Rei: No, no. You won't understand  if I just explain it to you.

Rei: I'll show you the way, so follow me.

Rei: Want one?

Rei: No?

Rei: Could you just grab the other end, then?

Sfx: Snap

Rei: Aw, you're going to get dumped by some girl.

Roha: What are you talking about?

Rei: It's Pocky fortune-telling. How the  Pocky breaks tells me your fortune.

Rei: You're selfish, aren't you?

And you have a tendency to mess with people.

Rei: That's why you'll get dumped.

Roha: Did you hear that, Koichi?  She's completely off!

Roha: She called me selfish!

Roha: If we're going to play that game,  I know a thing or two, as well.

Roha: Light pink nail polish means you're  a coward when it comes to love.

Roha: You let true love slip away  at the crucial moment.

Rei: Huh?

No way...

Roha: This is a psychological test,  not fortune-telling.

Roha: Other than love, there's something else  scaring you right now, isn't there?

Rei: Apparently,

a m*rder took place at this house about fifteen years ago.

Koi: A m*rder?!

Roha: m*rder...

Rei: No one lives there now.

Rei: Do you want to hear about it?

Rei: I heard this from the old  lady who lives next door.

Rei: The night of the m*rder,

while the girl who lived here  was asleep in her bedroom,

Rei: she awoke to a "drip, drip" sound coming from her parents' room.

Rei: She wondered what the sound was,  and called out to her parents,

but there was no reply.

Rei: But the girl wasn't that scared, because...

Rei: Her beloved dog was by her side.

Roha: Beloved dog?

Rei: Yes. He was a big guard dog.

Rei: Even in the dark, if she put  her hand underneath her bed,

he would whimper and lick her hand.

Rei: She felt safe because Arnold was with her.

Rei: But she heard the dripping sound  go on for more than ten minutes...

Rei: Finally, the girl decided to  find out what the sound was.

Rei: And then...

Rei: She found her beloved dog Arnold dead,

hanging from the coat rack.

Rei: His blood was the dripping  sound that she heard.

Rei: Suddenly, she heard a voice  from under the bed say,

"Your hand is so soft and cute,  Miss. Whimper, whimper..."

Rei: "I already k*lled your parents." And then...

Rei: The girl was k*lled, too!

Koi: I-Is that a true story?!

Rei: Did it sound like one? It was just  payback for trashing my nail polish.

Koi: Whew...

Koi: Th-That stuff is bad for my heart... Ah...

Drip,Sfx: Drip

Roha: Wha—

Roha: That's...

Rei: Yes... That girl was me.

Rei: Both Arnold and I are ghosts.

Roha: G-Ghosts?

Roha: What my Stand, Heaven's Door, read

were memories from when she  was alive, so I couldn't tell.

Rei: You two walked into the place  where I d*ed fifteen years ago.

Rei: I guess we're on the same wavelength.

Rei: This is the border between  the living world and the next.

Signtop: Re

Signtop: Rev

Signtop: Rever

Signtop: Reverb

Signbot: Ko

Signbot: Koichi

Signbot: Koichi Hiro

Signbot: Koichi Hirose

Roha: Let's get out of here, Koichi!

Roha: I-It's no use!

Roha: Use Reverb, Koichi!

Roha: Have it fly into the air and find the way!

Koi: She must have been what  touched it in the sky earlier.

Roha: Just have it fly up already, Koichi!

Reverb: Wha—

Reverb: What?! There's suddenly a wall in the sky!

Roha: K-Koichi, Reverb is touching the ground.

Reverb: Huh?! Ah, what?!

Roha: Y-You're the one who went  flying up into the air.

Rei: There's only one way out of this place.

Rei: And I know where it is.

Roha: H-How are we supposed to fight a ghost?

Koi: Please don't possess us!

Rei: Hey, hold on. Stop treating  me like a vengeful spirit.

Rei: What did I do to you?

Rei: You're the ones getting all scared on your own!

Rei: I'm not the one who trapped you in here.

Rei: This is the border between  this world and the next.

Rei: You two have strange powers.

They're called Stands?

Rei: I wonder if that's how you ended up here.

Roha: You're not our enemy?

Rei: You really don't trust people, do you?

Rei: I think I'm what they call a bound spirit?

Rei: I became a ghost that can't leave here.

Rei: For fifteen years, I tried to speak to  various people who ended up here,

because I needed to tell someone.

Rei: But you're the first ones that  I've been able to talk to this much.

Rei: I told you I'd tell you how to get out of  here, and that's what I'm going to do.

Rei: After I finish the story, that is.

Koi: Story?

Rei: The rest of my story from earlier.

Rei: Before I could see the m*rder's face,

I was stabbed in the back with a Kn*fe.

Rei: It was late at night and dark,

and I was desperately running away.

Rei: The m*rder hasn't been caught yet.

Rei: He's somewhere in Morioh.

Rei: That's what I wanted to tell someone.

He's blended into this town.

Roha: Wait. Are you telling us because...

Rei: I'm not asking you to catch him.

Rei: But I want you to tell someone...

Rei: Someone who can catch him, like the police...

Roha: Whoa, whoa. Why should we have  to do something like that?

Koi: Rohan-sensei!

Roha: It's fine. I just want to say the rational thing.

Roha: I do feel bad that you were k*lled...

Roha: But why should we have to find  the m*rder just because of

your personal grudge and suffering?

Roha: I think, as a ghost, you'd be better off

cutting your ties to this world  and passing on into the next.

Rei: Do you even know how many boys and  girls have disappeared from this town?

Roha: Huh? No.

Rei: It's eight times the national average.

Rei: I'm not saying it's all of them, but at least some of them are being k*lled in secret.

Rei: By him.

Koi: W-Wait a second!

Are you saying these m*rder  are still happening?

Roha: Hey! Don't make baseless claims like that!

Roha: You just said you didn't  see the m*rder's face!

Roha: So how would you know that?

Rei: The souls of the m*rder  fly above here all the time!

Rei: And they all have a wound just like this.

Koi: H-How cruel... It's so long and deep...

Rei: I can't talk to those souls going to the next world,

but I've seen them many times.

Rei: I know what he's into! I know!

Rei: These m*rder have been going on for

fifteen years here in Morioh,  where I was born and raised.

Rei: It's frightening, and it wounds my pride.

Rei: When they catch the m*rder,  my beloved Morioh

will be known nationwide as a  town where a m*rder lived.

Rei: But we have to stop the  m*rder as soon as possible!

Rei: Even now, he's targeting someone,  and I can't do a thing.

Rei: Who's going to be k*lled next?

Rei: If you, the living, don't take  back this town's pride and peace,

who else is going to do it?!

Rei: I don't know if you understand  what I'm saying, but...

Rei: I'm done talking now.

Koi: A-All right. I'm very shocked.

Koi: But... Still, we have to do something.

Rohan: Hmph. Stop being such a  goody-two-shoes, Koichi.

Roha: It's just going to be trouble.

Roha: But it might be good to go after  the m*rder and interview him.

Roha: I might be able to draw a  really interesting manga!

Roha: Is the exit this way?

Koi: If you think he's a good person deep down... well, you shouldn't.

Koi: He's pretty gray when it comes to being trustworthy.

Roha: Hey, are you listening?

Rei: All right. I'll lead you to the exit.

Koi: Huh? The exit? Where? Where is it?

Rei: If you turn left past the  post box, it's right there.

Koi: Yay!

Rei: Don't rush!

There's a certain rule you have  to follow to get past there.

Roha: A rule?

Rei: Once you pass the post box and turn,

you'll be able to see the  exit about    meters away.

Rei: No matter what happens,

until you get there, promise  me that you won't turn around.

Roha: What? Why?

Rei: It's the rule for passing from this world to the next.

Rei: Even Arnold understands that.

Koi: Well, I guess we can promise to do  something even a dog can handle.

Roha: What happens if we turn around?

Rei: Our souls will be pulled into the  next world, which means you'll die.

Rei: Don't be frightened!

Just don't turn around. Simple, right?

Roha: R-Right when we passed the post box...

Koi: Something sh*t between our  legs and went behind us!

Rei: Don't turn around!

Just keep walking slowly and calmly.

Koi: R-Rohan-sensei, something is following us.

Roha: I know.

Koi: Something's there...

Something is right behind my head!

Rei: Don't worry about it!

There's always something trying  to make you turn around.

Rei: But as long as you don't  turn and look at it,

it can't touch you, so just  keep your wits about you.

Koi: N-Now a warm liquid is dripping down my neck...

Rei: You're almost there! That light is the exit.

JoJo-overlap,Roha: What?

Koi: Huh?

Koi: Th-The exit...

Koi: But I can't take it any longer!

Koi: Rohan-sensei, let's run!

Rei: Don't panic!

It's going to try to trip you.

Rei: You're safe now.

Rei: You got through it.

You can turn around from there.

Koi: That was so scary! I'm so relieved!

Rei: That was a lie, Koichi!

That wasn't really me just now!

Koi: Huh?

Roha: Impossible...

Rei: Not yet. Don't look back yet.

This didn't happen when I was by myself.

Rei: They didn't try to trick me!

Rei: Koichi!

Roha: Hmph. I don't really get it,  but we just can't look, right?

Roha: You're lucky you're with me, Koichi.

Roha: Heaven's Door!

Roha: You won't be able to see, and you'll be blown away.

Crash,Sfx: Crash

Boom,Sfx: Boom

Roha: Calm down, Koichi.

Roha: I'll write that you can see again now.

Roha: The road between the convenience  store and drugstore is gone.

Koi: W-We made it back...

Rei: We'll always be here.

Rei: Until the m*rder's caught.

Rei: The day that Arnold and I turn around to go

where my mom and dad are will be

when the pride and peace  of this town are restored.

Rei: Until then, I can't leave here.

Rei: If you ever need to ask me anything,

Rei: come by any time.

Rei: We can see each other any time,

Rei: Rohannie and Koichi...

Rei: I thank you from the bottom of my heart

for listening to what I had to say.

Roha: That girl had some nerve, calling me "Rohannie."

Roha: She was getting too friendly.

Roha: But... Reimi Sugimoto, huh...

There's something admirable  about how that ghost lives.

Roha: She's been fighting for fifteen years,  alone, for the sake of the living.

Sign: Zero Clues Found in Family m*ssacre

Sign: Sugimoto Family Grave

Sign: Sugimoto Reimi

Roha: There it is! Sugimoto Reimi, age   .

Roha: Not that I doubted her,  but now I've got some clues.

Guy: Ah, could you be...

Guy: Rohan Kishibe, who became a manga artist?

Roha: You know me?

Guy: Rohan, you were only four,

Guy: so it's no surprise that you  don't remember that incident.

Guy: Your house at the time was very near theirs.

Guy: The night of that incident,  your parents had urgent business

they had to attend to and  were forced to leave...

Guy: So they left you overnight  at the Sugimoto household

because you were all very close.

Guy: That night, Rohan, you were staying  overnight at the Sugimoto household.

Guy: And you were the only one to survive.

Roha: I was... there?

Sugimoto_Family_,Sign: Sugimoto Family Grave

Guy: When the police found you,

you kept crying and repeating  the same thing over and over.

Guy: "Reimi snuck me out the window."

Guy: Reimi saved you before you  could be found by the m*rder.

Roha: That little girl... No wonder  she acted all friendly with me.

Roha: I can't read my distant memories nor  my fate with my Stand, Heaven's Door.

Nar: If you happen to wander down this path,

do not turn around, no matter what.

Morioh_Landmark_,Sign: Morioh Landmark   "The Path Where You Can Meet a Girl's Ghost" How to get there: Take the #   bus  from Morioh Station and get off  at the Kotodai Shopping District.  It will appear between the  convenience store, Owson,  and Kisara Drugstore at  -chome. Warning: Most people won't be  able to see it, but if you happen  to wander down this path, do not  turn around, no matter what.

Koi: I really met a ghost!

Koi: The girl in that picture is Reimi!

JoJo-overlap,Josu: Okay, we get it.

JoJo-overlap,Koi: So, I researched her,

I said I believe you, didn't I? Right, Okuyasu?

JoJo-overlap,: and she was also a student  at Budogaoka High School.

Oku: She's cute... She's my type.

I wish I'd been born fifteen years sooner.

Josu: We should eventually go meet this ghost, too.

Josu: But, Koichi, if we tell Jotaro  or Old Man Joseph about this,

they're probably going to ask one thing.

Josu: "Is the m*rder a Stand user?"

Josu: W-Well... I don't know...

Josu: Then we'll just have to let the  police and the courts deal with it.

Koi: B-But there's a m*rder in Morioh!

Joosu: I know. And that's why I'm saying that  Jotaro and the Speedwagon Foundation

won't just go after a normal m*rder.

Josu: Calm down.

He's managed to escape from the  almighty police for the past fifteen years.

Josu: It's not like we'd run into him right away,  like we'd hailed a taxi cab.

Josu: Let's stay calm and look into this carefully.

Josu: So what did Rohan have to say?

Koi: The same thing as you, Josuke.

Josu: Hey, look out, Koichi.

Don't cross the road when  you're all spaced out.

Koi: S-Sorry...

Kira: Originally, Morioh was a resort filled  with villas that belonged to samurai.

Kira: My ancestors were among them.

But we were ruined during  my grandfather's time.

Kira: All that's left is the house that I live in now.

Kira: And I'm stuck working a trivial office job.

Kira: Hey, what did you do with the  imported wristwatch I bought you?

Kira: Ah, it's in your bag. That's right.

Kira: It was a little too big for you.

Let's get it fixed tomorrow.

Kira: What's wrong? Why are you acting so shy?

Kira: Now... Watch your step.

Kira: Let's enjoy this weekend to the fullest.

Kira: Just the two of us.

Kira: You just dripped something...

How rude you are.

Kira: You need to clean that up yourself.

Kira: I can't remember what your name was, but that's all right.

Kira: Well done. You cleaned it all off.

Kira: Now, then...

Kira: Let's make dinner together.

Kira: What's the dish that you're best at?

Kira,Sign: Kira

Kira - Copy,Sign: Kira
Koi: Just like a sickness that continues to  progress without any visible symptoms,

Koi: there was someone hiding  in our town of Morioh,

Koi: committing m*rder somewhere in the town.

Koi: And it seems like no one's even realized  that these m*rder are taking place.

Koi: It's such shocking and chilling information.

Koi: But there is currently no  way of finding that m*rder.

Koi: We don't even know how many Stand  users currently live in Morioh.

Koi: And rather than worry about a huge problem  that presents no visible symptoms,

Koi: people are worried about what  they should have for dinner,

because that's what's right in front of us.

Sign: Kameyu

Sign: {Transaction No.

Sign: {Bank No.

Sign: {Branch No.

Sign: {Window No.

Sign: {Deposit Amount

Sign: {Balance

Josu: I only have     yen left in my savings!

Josu: But I had   ,    yen in there!

Josu: Twelve yen?!

Josu: I was weak!

My   ,    yen that I was saving up to  buy those kewl brand-name shoes...

Josu: I can't even remember what I used the money on.

Josu: This is all that  old man's fault!

Joosu: Because he used my card to buy     ,    yen worth of baby crap!

Josu: I made the old man pay me  back the    ,    later,

Josu: but then I felt like spending a little

here and there wouldn't hurt, and totally lost track of my spending.

Josu: I wonder if I tucked away a thousand yen  somewhere and just forgot about it.

Josu: A cockroach!

I guess banks could have them, too.

Josu: A S-Stand?

Harv: I found one yen.

Josu: Y-You!

Josu: I-It's a Stand!

Josu: A new Stand has appeared!

JoJo-MainTitle,: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

JoJo-MainTitle ,: Diamond is Unbreakable

JoJo-MainTitle ,Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

JoJo-MainTitle ,Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable

JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episode       Shigechi's Harvest, Part  

Josu: Where is it heading?

Josu: There's another one!

Oku: ! Who are you?!

Oku: I'll k*ll you!

Josu: Okuyasu!

Oku: Oh, Josuke!

Oku: Look! It's an enemy Stand. I'm gonna k*ll it!

Oku: There're two of them!

Josu: Yeah. There was one at the  bank, so I followed it here.

Josu: How did it att*ck you?

Oku: Actually, it didn't att*ck me.

Oku: I was buying Calpis Water,

and it suddenly came out from  under the vending machine.

Josu: What? It didn't att*ck you?

Josu: But you just said you were going to k*ll it.

Oku: It scared the crap out of me,

and I spilled the Calpis Water  all over my uniform.

Ooku: ! Give me back my money!

Harv: Found it!

Oku: Hey, another one just joined in...

Harv: Found it!

Harv: Found it. Found it.

Oku: What the... What are these guys?

There's a ton of them gathering up!

Josu: Okuyasu, they're just like  your brother Keicho's Stand.

But...

Josu: Since they're ignoring us, they're  a totally different kind of creepy.

Oku: Yeah...

Josu: Be careful! The user's probably nearby.

Boom,Sfx: Boom

Josu: It's...

Oku: It's money!

Josu: Come to think of it, it picked up a   yen coin

underneath a machine at the bank.

Josu: They're only   yen and    yen  coins, but they're all real!

Shige: Well done, you guys.

Shige: Many a little makes a mickle.

Shige: I think that's about five thousand yen.

Shige: As long as I have you guys, Harvest,

I'll never have to worry about money.

Josu: Hey, that's the user?

He's talking to his Stand...

Oku: Yeah... He seems to have  become a Stand user because

of the bow and arrow, but it doesn't  look like he's trying to att*ck us.

Shige: Grin!

Shige: You guys...

You can see my Harvest?

Shige: Hey, you can see them, right?!

Josu: Yeah, it's called a Stand.

Josu: I'm Josuke Higashikata.

This is Okuyasu Nijimura.

Shige: Friends! I've never had any before!

Shige: My name is Shigekiyo Yangu.

I'm a second-year at Budogaoka Middle School.

Shige: I weigh     kilograms,

Shige: and my Papa and Mama call me "Shigechi."

Shige: "Shige-chan" turned into "Shigechi."

Shige: My turtle I have at home is named Gonta.

Shige: The other day, I was wondering  if the    yen,    yen,

and     yen stamps all tasted different,

so I was licking them all,  and Mama yelled at me.

Shige: This is a picture of my Mama,  who yelled at me.

Oku: A picture...

Wow, your mom's actually kinda hot.

How strange.

Josu: U-Um...

Josu: So, you call these things "Harvest"?

Josu: Did they really gather up all this?

Shige: Yup. From ditches and underneath  vending machines and things...

But I'm not a thief.

Shige: The officer at the police box said that

I didn't have to turn in any  change under a hundred yen.

Shige: I hate bad things!

Josu: That's not a bad thing at all!

Josu: Actually, I think you're doing  something great for society.

Josu: Though it's not much,

you're putting all of the forgotten  change back into the Japanese economy.

That's a great thing.

Shige: Really? I'm great?

Hey, do you think I'm a great person?

Josu: It's what you'd call a blind spot for ideas.

Josu: No one would do all this to get money.

Oku: I'm jealous... You're smart.

Shige: D-Did you just call me smart?

Shige: N-No one's ever told me that before.

Shige: I've picked up about    ,    yen, but...

Both:    ,   ?!

Shi: B-But that makes me even happier!

Josu: A t-total of    ,   ?!

Shig: Aren't I a good boy?

Josu: J-Just here in Morioh?

Shige: Ayup! I don't go outside of Morioh.

Shige: I might get lost and someone might kidnap me.

Josu:    ,   ... And I only have    yen.

Josu: Okuyasu...

Josu: Is something wrong with your left foot?

Oku: Whoa, what?!

There are three    yen coins on the ground!

Oku: Do they belong to you, Shigekiyo?

I didn't even notice...

Josu: Talk about stingy...

Shie: Hey, I'll give you guys half of this.

Both: Huh?!

Shige: You're my friends, right? We have the same kind of power.

Oku: R-Really?!

Josu: Lucky us!

Josu: N-No... Wait a sec.

Josu: Look, you shouldn't give other  people money or things so easily.

Shige: Then I'll give it to you in a hard way.

Shige: I'll give it all to you. We're friends, right?

Josu: Hey, why are you just  hardening your expression?

Oku: H-Hey...

Oku: Let me talk to him alone for a sec, Shigechi.

Oku: Hey, Josuke! Stop acting  like a goody-two-shoes.

Oku: If he says he's going to give it to us,  we should just take it, foolishass!

Josu: My pride won't let me do that. Not Josuke.

Oku: I'll take anything anyone wants to  give me other than a virus! Got it?!

Josu: Calm down! I totally understand  what you're saying!

Stop crying!

Oku: But...

Josu: I'm actually really broke right now, too.

Josu: And so I just thought of a nice idea  that can make everyone happy.

Oku: Huh? An idea to make everyone happy?

Josu: Leave it to me.

Signtop: Ha

Signtop: Har

Signtop: Harv

Signtop: Harve

Signtop: Harves

Signtop: Harvest

Signbot: Shige

Signbot: Shigekiyo

Signbot: Shigekiyo Ya

Signbot: Shigekiyo Yan

Signbot: Shigekiyo Yangu

Sign: To All the Good Kids Let's All Play Nice  Morioh Town

Josu: Hey, Shigekiyo. Can I call you "Shigechi"?

Shige: Sure.

Josu: Shigechi, we can't take this.

What you tried to do just now

is the same as trying to  buy friendship with money.

Shige: Huh? B-But that's not what I meant!

Josu: I believe that friendship is

something that grows between  people through a common bond.

Shige: I was just...

Josu: I know. I totally get how you feel.

We're all Stand user buddies.

Josu: And so...

Josu: Why don't we do a little business  and strike up a friendship?

Oku: Business?

Josu: Yeah. A business using all three of our powers.

Shige: Right here?

Josu: That's your elbow. No, business.

Josu: Basically, I think you're at your  limit for picking up lost change.

Josu: So I have an idea for how  we can use your Harvest

to make even more money.

Oku: Huh?

Oku: An idea that'll make us more money  than Harvest picking up change?

Josu: It's not a bad thing, and it  won't cause anyone trouble.

Shige: S-So what's the idea?

That's where the business comes in!

Josu: Give Okuyasu and me half of  what we make for the idea fee.

Josu: You'll take the other half, Shigechi.

Josu: The three of us are going to work  together to pull off a huge project,

Josu: and we can all become happy.

Shige: O-Okay! That's fine, but wh-what should I do?

Josu: You know what this is, right?

Kamemoto,Sign: Kameyu

Shige: A b-blue stamp!

Sign: Yeah! When you shop at one of Eastern  Japan's biggest department store chains,

Kameyu, you get one sticker  for every     yen you spend.

Josu: I think there are a lot of people who

don't collect these and just throw them away.

Josu: There are these, too.

Product_Voucher,Sign: Product Voucher

yen,Sign: yen

Meiwado_Statione,Sign: Meiwado Stationery Shop

Josu: A voucher from a stationery shop, Meiwado, worth    yen.

Oscar_,Sign: Oscar

Josu: A coupon from CD Shop Oscar,

where you can trade in ten for   ,    yen worth of merchandise.

Josu: The cleaners, the toy shop Märchen Kids...

Nagasaki_Cleaner,Sign: Nagasaki Cleaners

Yotsuba_Electron,Sign: Yotsuba Electronics

Sign: Service Card

And this is a card from  Yotsuba Electronics.

Josu: Now, this is the important part.

Josu: At Kameyu, for example,  you can get cash back for these.

Oku: Ah, a-are you... I got it, Josuke!

I know what you're thinking!

Shige: Let's go, you guys!

Sfx: Rumble

Oku: With only one or two,  they'd just be scraps of paper...

Oku: But if Harvest happened to pick up

Oku: the thousands and ten thousands  that are thrown away around town...

Harv: Found it.

Oku: Inside this trash can!

Ok: Inside that trash can!

Harv: Found it. Found it.

Harv: Found it.

Harv: Found it. Found it. Found it.

JoJo-overlap,Harv: Found it. Found it. Found it.

Oku: Th-They just keep piling up one after another!

Josu: Wh-What an amazing Stand!  That's awesome, Shigechi!

Shige: I got complimented again.

Josu: We'll fix the ripped pieces of  paper with Shining Diamond.

Oku: Yes! Do we have tens of thousands now?

Josu: No, it's definitely over    ,    by now.

Oku: Yes!

Grab,Sfx: Grab

Jojo: We're an invincible trio!

Let's go get our money!

Oku: But, Josuke, you sure are something.

After you went on about pride and junk...

Josu: Well, in this case,  everyone's happy, so it's fine.

Shige: F-Friendship is great...

Shige: O-Okuyasu, J-Josuke, I wonder if it'll be okay.

Will it turn into money that easily?

Oku: Calm down, Shigechi. Believe in Josuke.

Koi: That's Okuyasu and...

Koi: I wonder who that is.

Koi: Okuyasu—

Oku: Josuke! H-How did it go?

Were you able to get the money?

Oku: Did they tell you to piss off?

Josu: I wasn't able to get cash back  at the CD shop or the toy store.

Josu: But I can exchange the coupons for about    ,    yen worth of CDs or video games.

Okku: I'm not asking about that!

What about Kameyu?

Oku: Were you able to get cash  back for the Kameyu stickers?

Josu: Actually, something kind of  unexpected happened.

Oku: S-Something unexpected?

Josu: It unexpectedly turned into   ,    yen!

Josu: Here you go! It's real, Shigechi!

Shige: I-It's real!

Oku: It's right in front of my eyes! It's like a dream!

Josu: That's awesome, Shigechi!

Your Stand, Harvest, is really amazing!

Shige: Y-You really think it's amazing?

Shige: Hey... P-People don't really  compliment me much...

Shige: Do you really think I'm amazing?

Oku: Hey, have a little more confidence, Shigechi.

Josu: This is something that only you can do.

Shige: Okuyasu... Josuke...

Shige: Straighten.

Shige: Hey, girl. I got a fat stack!  Wanna go have some fun?

Both: Hey, hey, hey, hey!

Shige: Oh, yeah. Here, Josuke, Okuyasu.  Here's your share,   ,    yen.

Josu: Shigechi, what is this?

Shige: We've got friendship, right?  We're friends, right?

Josu: Yeah, we are.

Shige: So that's a token of our friendship.

Josu: Hey, wait...

This isn't what we promised, is it?

Josu: You said okay to us getting half, and you getting the other.

Josu: Half of   ,    yen is   ,    exactly.

Shige: R-Really? Did I say that?

Josu: What?

Shige: N-N-Not to mention...

It w-was my H-Harvest's job  to collect all of those.

Shige: I did it all!

Y-You two were just talking and did nothing.

Ku: And, if Josuke hadn't come up with the idea,

you never would have thought  of gathering up all those!

Shige: I would have eventually thought of it!

I'm an awesome guy!

Oku: Er... No, no... You never would have  thought of it with that pea brain of yours!

Josu: Hey, stop, Okuyasu. Come here, fall back a sec.

Josu: This is just great.

Apparently he was fine with a few thousand,

but once it went over ten thousand,  he's much more hesitant to pay up.

Josu: I don't think he means anything bad by it, but since he's got the mind of a kid,

Josu: no matter what we say, he's gonna feel like we tricked him.

Josu: We should be the adults here and let it be.

Josu: We got   ,    yen out of it,  so let's call that good.

Oku: I guess if you're okay with it, I won't argue...

Oku: But this just pisses me off so much!

Oku: Are you sure he's not taking advantage of us?

Josu: No, Okuyasu, there's no point  in fighting right now.

We just need to teach Shigechi how  adults actually make agreements.

Oku: Oh, so you can make more money?

Oku: You smug villain...

But that's what I love about you.

Josu: All right, thanks. We'll gladly take this.

Shige: Okuyasu.

Shige: Are you thirsty?

Is there anything you want to drink? I'll buy.

Oku: You're going to buy it for me?

Then... I want some Calpis Water.

Shige: Then drink some.

Oku: Ah! Hey! Why are you throwing those away?

Josu: They're just worthless junk tickets,  like for the year-end lottery.

Oku: I told Shigechi to pick them up along  with everything else earlier.

Josu: You mean the losing New Year's Lottery tickets?

Oku: How do you know it's a losing ticket?

Josu: No one would throw away a  winning ticket, foolishass.

Oku: There are lots of people who forget

to confirm the numbers and  never get their prizes!

Ooku: If this wins, I'm gonna take half of it.

Promise me,  it.

Shige: Sure. Half is fine.

Shige: But if you win a sheet of stamps, I don't want it.

Exciting_Winning,Book: Exciting {\c&HFFFFFF&}Winning Numbers List

Josu: You really like those cheap,  annoying ways of gambling.

Oku: Ah, that's no good... How about this one?

Oku: I wonder if we're allowed

to claim prizes from the  lottery if we're in high school.

Jsu: Lottery?

It should be fine as long as you  have your ID and name stamp.

Oku: SG Group       ...

Group,Sign: Group

Payout_Period,Sign: Payout Period

From_ _  _    _T,Sign: From  /  /     To  /  /    

Oku: Nope, this one's not a winner.

I thought there might be a chance, but...

Oku: Hm?

rd,Sign:  rd

Group,Sign: Group

Group,Sign: Group

Oku: SG Group       ... Um...

Oku: Hey, maybe, just maybe, if I won...

Oku: Do I have to take it to the police?

Josu: You idiot. There's no reason to take it there.

Josu: Harvest just picked them up  after people threw them away.

Josu: And you should only worry about that  when you're bragging after you win.

Good luck with that.

Oku: What? SG Group       ?!

Group,Sign: Group

Payout_Period,Sign: Payout Period

Sign: From  /  /     To  /  /    

Oku: SG Group       ?!

Winning_Numbers_,Book: Winning Numbers List

Oku: SG Group       !

Josu: Hey, what are you yelling for?

Sign: Prize      Million Yen

_Milliion_Yen_,Sign:   Million Yen

Oku:  ,   ,   !

Oku: There's no doubt about it! I won!

Josu: What?! You better not be  messing around, !

_Milliion_Yen,Sign:   Million Yen

Oku: Yes! It's a dream come true! A fantasy!

There's no other experience like this!

Josu: Wait, wait, wait, wait!

Josu: Calm down, Okuyasu.

Josu: Let's confirm it one more time.

Josu: SG Group       , prize  ,   ,    yen.

There's no doubt about it!

Josu: It's too good to be true, but it's true!

And it's a lottery ticket  that was thrown away,

Josu: so it would've just gone  into the incinerator.

Josu: There's still a few days before it expires.

Josu: Even if they ask us annoying questions  when we go to cash it at the bank,

Josu: we can just proudly say that we bought it!

Josu: You got that?

Oku: Heck yeah, I do!

Josu: Which means it's our  ,   ,    yen!

Josu: I wonder what I should buy.

First, I gotta get some kewl Italian shoes!

Josu: Then I'll buy a high-end  suit with a sexy silhouette,

and go all-out at Tonio's shop  and eat the most expensive food!

Josu: I also want to go overseas somewhere!

Oku: I'm gonna put it in savings!

Josu: Man, talk about a boring life!

Shige: M-My Harvest is the one that picked that up...

Shige: Five million... Th-There's no  way I'm giving up half of it.
Sign: Budogaoka Bank

Sign: Great Year-End Lottery

Guy: Congratulations on your entry.

Guy: You've come just before the expiration date,

Guy: but you've indeed won the  third place prize, five million yen.

Guy: Now, then... Here you go.

Guy: This is the promissory note  for five million yen.

Sign: Morioh Station Branch

Guy: As it states on the paperwork,  you'll be able to cash it in three days.

Sign: Promissory Note

Sign: Budogaoka Bank   Morioh Station Branch

Total,Sign: Total

Sign: Please pay the amount stated above in exchange for this promissory note.

Oku: One, ten, hundred, thousand...

Josu: Th-There are six zeros...

Guy: Now, I do have one question...

Reception_Office,Sign: Reception Office

Guy: From which vendor did you  gentlemen purchase this ticket?

Sniff, sniff.

Josu: Wh-Which?

Josu: Wh-Why do you want to know that?

Guy: Oh, it's just a formality.

Guy: You stupid little brats.

You won five million yen? That's too fishy.

Guy: I'm a very capable bank associate,  and I smell something rotten here.

Guy: Or perhaps

Guy: there's a reason you'd rather  not answer that question?

Guy: W-Well, of course we bought it in Morioh.

Guy: Oh? Well, that's bizarre...

Guy: There isn't a single lottery vendor in Morioh.

Josu: O-Oh, right...

Josu: It must have been when we went to S City.

Josu: We bought all kinds of things,  so I don't remember that well...

Oku: I-I-I-I-I-It was a while back, too...

Guy: I just realized something bizarre...

Guy: On the other side of the lottery ticket,

Guy: there's a place to write your name  and telephone number, and...

Ichiro_Morishita,Sign: Ichiro Morishita

Guy: Ichiro Morishita...

Guy: The name written here doesn't  match any of your names.

Josu: N-Name?!

Oku: Phone number?!

Shige: That was written on the back?!

Josu: E-Er...

Guy: Well, well, well, well, this is truly bizarre.

Guy: This is your lottery ticket, isn't it?

Josu: Oh, yeah! Now I remember!

Josu: I wrote down my friend's number  on that instead of a memo pad!

Guy: Oh! Is that so?

Guy: Then how about we give  Mr. Ichiro Morishita a call?

Guy: We can also tell where

lottery tickets are purchased  with the serial number here.

Guy: If Mr. Ichiro Morishita was the  one who purchased this ticket

and remembers exactly where he bought it,

Guy: we'll then have to check this signature, too...

Guy: To see who this ticket belongs to.

Guy: Depending on the situation, we may  have to turn it over to the police.

All: The police?!

Mori: Hello? This is Morishita.

Guy: Hello, I'm calling on behalf of Budogaoka Bank.

Guy: I wanted to inquire if Mr. Ichiro Morishita

had purchased the Great  Year-End Lottery ticket.

Guy: Oh, I'm Ichiro Morishita,  and yes, I bought one.

Mori: Yeah, I'm sure I bought one.

Guy: Yes! You stupid little brats!

My sense of smell was correct!

Guy: There's no way God would grant  brats like you the winning ticket!

Morishita,Sign: Morishita

Guy: So you did! You bought a lottery ticket.

Mori: Yeah, I did.

Morishita_Ichiro,Sign: Morishita Ichiro

: But I bought like, ten, and  none of them were winners.

Josu: I'm going to change just part of the signature...

Kinoshita_Ichiro,Sign: Kinoshita Ichiro

Guy: You see, Mr. Kinoshita, your lottery ticket...

Mori: Kinoshita? My name's Morishita.

Guy: Huh? But it said "Mori"!  What? How strange...

Gu: Your phone number is     -    ,  correct, Mr. Kinoshita?

Mori: I told you my name's not  Kinoshita, you foolishass!

Mori: It's Morishita!

Mr: Why are you wasting my time with this?

Mori: I threw them all away.

: Why don't you sell some  winning tickets sometime?

Guy: P-Pardon me...

Gy: J-Just wait, you!

Phone: The number you are trying to  reach is currently not in use.

Phone: Please confirm the number and try again...

Oku: A-Are you satisfied?

Guy: I-I-I'm terribly sorry for my rudeness.

Shige: Yay! It's my money!

Shige: I won this five million yen!

Oku: Hey, you promised that half  of it would be ours, Shigechi!

Shige: Did I say that?

Oku: You're doing that again?!

Okku: Hey, Josuke! Why are you stopping me?!

Oku: You're not gonna let him get  away with it again, are you?

Josu: No... This time, I'm not backing down, either!

Josu: There's no way you're getting away with this!

Oku: Well said, Josuke!

Of course you wouldn't back down!

It's only logical!

Josu: So now you don't want to  split the money, Shigechi?

Josu: You realize this amount is way too  much for that to fly, don't you?

Shige: Here.

Shige: This should be enough for you guys.

Shige: You didn't really do anything, after all.

Shige: I'll take pity on you  because you're my friends.

Crush,Sfx: Crush

Oku: Why, you—

Josu: Hey, Okuyasu!

Oku: Give us the money, you foolishass!

Oku: You promised us half,  so you're going to give us half!

Oku: Stop being greedy, you idiot!

Josu: You're always so quick to hit. Don't be rash.

Ku: When foolishasses don't get what you're saying,  this is how you make them understand!

Josu: Are you hurt?

Josu: I'm sorry Okuyasu suddenly hit you.

Josu: But, Shigechi, let's not cause any trouble.

Josu: We're gonna hold onto the promissory  note for the five million.

Josu: In three days, when it becomes cash,

Josu: let's split it evenly in half, like we discussed.

Oku: But, man, he's ridiculous.

Oku: I'm done hanging out with him.

Josu: But you know,

Josu: I think we should reflect on the fact that we thought about using him

to get some pocket money, too.

Oku: You dummy.

Josu: Huh?

Oku: I'm not gonna think of it like that.

Oku: The only reason he was able to get  the five million was because of us.

Oku: If it was him alone, he could only  get maybe tens of thousands.

Oku: But he's getting  .  million on his own.

Both:  .  million!

Both: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes,

Both: yes, yes, yes, yes!

Harv: Like I'll give it to you.

Harv: Like I'll give it to you!

Harv: I heard everything, !

Harv: I won't give you guys even one yen!

Harv: We got that five million  because of my Harvest!

Shige: You're no match for my Harvest!

Shiige: You wanna see proof?

You want to see some solid proof?

Shige: I'll show you!

Ow!

Oku: villain!

JoJo-overlap,Josu: No! The promissory note for the five million!

Oku: You're underestimating us, you little punk!

Shige: If you keep chasing me,

Shige: I'll k*ll you.

Josu: Shigechi...

Okku: You're gonna k*ll us, you backstabbing villain?

Oku: You'd better be prepared to die if you're  gonna bring out your Stand against us!

Oku: W-Wait, Josuke...

Josu: What's wrong?

Oku: What's this sensation?

Oku: M-My legs...

Oku: are itching really bad.

Josu: Itching? At a time like this?

Oku: They itch really bad!

Oku: My whole body itches!

Oku: Wh-What is this?!

Josu: Lift up your pants, Okuyasu! Hurry!

Oku: What?!

Oku: They're inside my pants!

Josu: I-It's no use!

Knocking off two or three of  them won't damage him at all!

Oku: !

Oku: He's running away!

Josu: I-I'm starting to get really annoyed.

Oku: I've already been super annoyed!

Josu: We're not letting you get away, five million!

Oku: Now he's totally made enemies of the Okuyasu-Josuke duo!

Sign bot: Shi

Sign bot: Shin

Sign bot: Shinin

Sign bot: Shining

Sign bot: Shining D

Sign bot: Shining Di

Sign bot: Shining Dia

Sign bot: Shining Diamo

Sign bot: Shining Diamon

Sign bot: Shining Diamond

Sign top: Jo

Sign top: Josuke

Sign top: Josuke Higashi

Sign top: Josuke Higashikata

Oku: ! How dare he make a  fool of the great Okuyasu?!

I'm gonna b*at him to death!

Josu: He must be really foolish to be greedy enough

to take the whole five million.

Oku: You stupid fatty!

You think you can run with a body like that?!

Oku: See? That's what you get, moron!

Oku: H-He keeps summoning Harvests under  him like a caterpillar track,

Oku: or like a bucket relay!

Jojsu: What? He's ridiculously fast!

Oku: He may be a simpleton, but he's pretty clever.

Oku: Are they like his natural instincts?

Oku: Crap! We're gonna lose him!

Josu: Calm down.

Josu: We just need to

Josu: have our Stands lift our bodies in  the same way he is, and climb up!

Ooku: I get it!

Shige: My five million...

Josu: You actually think you can  get away from us, Shigechi?

Oku: Bring it on!

Oku: I'll carefully pop your Harvests, one by one!

Shige: My Harvest is amazing.

Shige: It'll gather anything!

Shige: Even screws holding pipes together.

Shige: Even bolts!

Josu: If you want to talk about amazing,  there's also my Shining Diamond!

Josu: Heya.

Oku: I'm still super annoyed, but right now,  I'm still willing to forgive you.

Oku: I'll just hit you two or three times!

Josu: Come on, give us the promissory note  for the five million, Shigechi.

Shige: I told you...

Shige: If you came after me,

I'd k*ll you.

Josu: Wh-What?

Josu: My hands...

That hurt...

Josu: I can't stand! Okuyasu, be careful!

Josu: He did something to me!

Josu: O-Okuyasu, you too?

Shige: You still haven't figured it out?

You guys are drunk!

Josu: A-Alcohol?!

Liquor,Sign: Liquor

Shige: My harvest gathers anything!

Shige: It brought some alcohol  from the liquor store earlier,

Shige: then injected it into your bodies!

Shige: Right into your veins!

Josu: Wh-What?!

Both: You!

Shige: When you inject alcohol into your veins,

even a tiny amount will get you really drunk!

Josu: C-Come to think of it,

I've heard that alcohol is in the  same group as anesthetics...

Josu: Th-That one... m-might be pretty smart...

Josu: Or it might be his natural instincts.

Oku: I-I'm gonna m*rder him!

Oku: There's no way we're gonna lose  just because we're drunk!

Oku: M-My eye!

Oku: Josuke, hurry and fix it!

Josu: W-Wait, Okuyasu!

Shige: You guys had the nerve to

call me unreasonable and other  things earlier, didn't you?

Shige: I'll show you what happens  when you underestimate me!

Josu: D-!

Josu: You have the nerve to get cocky after  you're the one who broke your promise?

Josu: I'm seriously going to get annoyed!

Josu: There's no telling what I'll do then!

Shige: Shut your stupid mouth, Josuke!

Shige: Your Stands' powers are nothing!

Shiige: You guys are useless!

Shige: Make demands once you have  even half of Harvest's power!

Oku: Josuke, close your eyes!

Oku: Josuke!

Shige: , so close!

Shige: But it's no use closing your eyes.

Shige: Harvest can get anything!

Shige: It can rip off your eyelids  and pry out your eyeballs!

Oku: All right, Shigechi, stop!

Forgive us already! It was all our fault.

Shige: Oh? You're apologizing?

Josu:  it, you little punk!

Shige: Oh? Okuyasu, it doesn't seem  like Josuke feels that way.

Oku: I-I'll give him a talking-to!

Oku: Just let us off the hook with this!

Okku: This is the   ,    yen you gave  me and the rest of my money.

Oku: Let us off the hook with this.

Oku: Who's going to fix my eye if Josuke gets k*lled?

Josu: O-Okuyasu...

Shige: Oh, yeah! I just remembered!

Shige: I felt really bad for you guys,  and gave you more than   ,    yen!

Oku: Here, take this, and please forgive us.

Josu: I get it, Okuyasu!

Josu: Just like baiting a tanuki  with food and catching it,

Josu: you're trying to lure him  over with cash to defeat him!

Josu: I totally got what you're thinking!

Shige: Okuyasu, being honest like that  is very favorable with me.

Shie: There, there.

Shige: Hey, wait a sec.

Shige: Okuyasu, you aren't trying  to trick me by luring me

closer with money so you can att*ck  me with your Stand, are you?

Shige: Ah! So you are!

Shige: Did you really think I'd fall for that?

Shige: You really thought I was that stupid?

I won't forgive you anymore!

Oku: That's fine, if you don't forgive us.

Oku: But it's too late.

Don't you realize that you're  already in The Hand's range?

Oku: I'm going to scrape away space

Oku: and make it

Oku: teleport!

Josu: We got it back.

Shigee: Got it back?

Wh-What are you talking about?

Shige: I'll just easily take it back...

Josu: You don't seem to realize, Shigechi,

Josu: that you have no chance of winning now.

Shige: The five million!

Shige: What are you doing?!

Shige: Inconceivable! Inconceivable!

Shige: Stop!

Shige: Why would you do that?!

Shig: Inconceivable! Inconceivable!  Inconceivable! Inconceivable!

Shige: That's five million yen!

Josu: Basically, just try and injure or k*ll us.

Josu: The only one that can fix this  note is my Shining Diamond...

Josu: So there's no way you can win.

Shige: Oh... I-I see! Conceivable!

Josu: And what happens next certifies your loss.

Shige: H-Huh? Again, inconceivable! Inconceivable!  Inconceivable! Inconceivable!

Shie: What are you doing?!

Shige: Pick them all up, Harvest!

Josu: Looks like you don't realize that

Josu: the fact that you're having  Harvest go pick them up

means that you've lost.

Ku: So now who's going to protect you  from these two drunks right here?

Shige: Oh, conceivable...

Smash,Sfx: Smash

Oku: We did it.

Josu: Now, Shigechi...

Josu: Why don't we review something very simple?

Josu: The one that collects all  the pieces is your Harvest,

Josu: and whose Stand is the one that will put them back together?

Hm?

Josu: Who is it?

Who's going to fix it with  their Shining Diamond?

Shige: J-Josuke...

Whack_Whack,Sfx: Whack Whack

Josu: Josuke? Did you just address me so casually?

Shige: M-Mr. Josuke!

Josu: That's right, it's Mr. Josuke.

Josu: But who was the one who just took  back the promissory note from you?

Say his name.

Shige: O-Okuyasu...

Shige: Mr. Okuyasu!

Josu: Well done. That's a good boy.

Josu: All right, next, let's do a little calculation.

Josu: How should we split the five million?

Josu: How would we split it so  that no one feels slighted?

Shige: H-Half is fine...

Josu: In half?

You realize now that there are  three of us here, don't you?

Josu: So isn't half a bit off?

Josu: That doesn't really add up at all.

Both: Hello?

Shige: I-It'd be a third...

Shige: Th-That's right...

If it was just me, I'd only be able to gather.

Shige: I-I was wrong.

Shige: We all found this lottery ticket.

Shige: We wouldn't have gotten it  without the three of us.

Shige: I...

I realize that now. I was blinded by greed.

Shige: Let's split it up evenly,  so no one is slighted.

Bam,Sfx: B{\c&H    D &}a{\c&H BC F &}m

Josu: Yes!

Shige: B-Bills!

Oku: I-It's five million yen!

Guy: Please consider depositing it into our  Budogaoka Bank for peace of mind.

Josu: Of course!

Oku: We finally did it! It's like a dream!

Shige: Wait... Splitting it up evenly  so no one is slighted, huh?

Shige: Huh? This is weird.

If we're going to split it up evenly,

isn't it unfair if we don't include  the number of Stands we have?

Shige: If we consider that my Stand,  Harvest, is about    ,

Shige: then we should split it     to   and  .

Shige: Don't you think so?

Josu: You little villain!

Oku: You're seriously going to  argue about this again?

It's never going to end, you foolishass!

Shige: O-One third is fine!

Josuke_Higashika,Sign: Josuke Higashikata – Money Currently in Possession –  ,   ,    yen

Nar: It's a bit unforgivable for first-years  in high school to have this much, but...

Nar: To be continued!
Nar: Yukako Yamagishi has been depressed lately.

GirlWhat? There's someone you like?

GirlYeah! We both like each other!

Koi: I went to the Angelo Stone the other day and

there were a lot of tourists taking pictures.

Josu: Wow, it's that famous now, huh?

Josu: What's wrong, Koichi?

Yuka: If I can just keep Koichi in my heart,  that's all I need to be happy.

Yuka: I thought that once, but it's really hard...

Yuka: I wish he'd look at me, even just a little.

Yuka: But I just don't know what  I'm supposed to do...

Sign: "My makeup will help you encounter love"

Yuka: Cinderella?

Girl: How lucky can I be?

Irl: I can't believe such a wonderful  guy proposed to me!

Girl: Thank you, Dr. Aya! Thank you so much!

Aya: Phew...

Aya: I guess a woman's youth is better spent

happy and ugly than dark and beautiful...

Aya: Come in.

Aya: "My makeup will help you encounter love."

What's written on that sign is true.

Aya: If you're interested...

Aya: Welcome to Salon Cinderella.

Sign: Episode       Yukako Yamagishi Dreams of Cinderella

Aya: Please, come in.

Aya: My name is Aya Tsuji.

Aya: Phew... I'm the owner of  this place and an aesthetician.

Aya: I talk like I have low blood pressure,  but don't let it bother you.

Aya: Phew...

Aya: But I'm very motivated by my work.

Aya: Phew...

Aya: You...

are quite beautiful.

Aya: Phew...

Aya: I had no idea there was  someone so beautiful in Morioh...

Aya: Now, please have a seat right over there.

Aya: Write your name and address on that form.

Yuka: I haven't decided that I'll do this yet.

Aya: Here's the price listing.

Sign: Makeup Menu Makeup to Encounter Love...      yen Makeup to Capture Love...      yen Makeup to Get Proposed to...      yen Makeup to Make Men Submit...      yen Makeup to Marry into Wealth...      yen Makeup to Marry a Celebrity...      yen  Facial Menu

Yuka: "Makeup to marry a celebrity"?

Aya: This salon is a bit different  from ordinary salons.

Aya: I'm an aesthetician who  creates faces of happiness.

Aya: Physiognomy—that is, the shape of one's face—

Sign: High Brows

Sign: Double Eyelid

,Sign: Big, Wide Eyes

can change someone's fortune.

Aya: If you have a face that will be loved,

it'll heighten your luck  with encountering love.

Aya: Hmm... Too bad.

The shapes of your eyes and  eyebrows aren't good.

Phew...

Yuka: I'm going to be blunt.

This is so stupid that  I'm beyond disappointed.

Yuka: You're trying to charge money for this?

Aya: With that face, the more you love a boy,  the more he's going to run away.

Aya: Am I wrong?

Have you not experienced that?

Yuka: You're wrong.

I've never had that happen in my life.

Aya: Oh, no? Very well, then.

Aya: In your case...

Aya: Oh, I'm sorry.

I'm not very accustomed to working with CG.

Aya: This is the face that will encounter love.

Yua: Wait... This is cosmetic surgery.

Yuka: You do surgeries?

Aa: This is a face we'll create using only makeup and beauty massage.

Aya: But it only lasts thirty minutes.

If you don't encounter love,

I will return the thousand-yen fee to you.

Aya: Would you like to try it?

Yuka: All right. If it's just makeup...

Yuka: I have nothing to lose,  so I guess I can give it a try.

Aya: Thank you. Let's get started, then.

Aya: Close your eyes.

Aya: Make sure you don't open your eyes.

Aya: Don't move.

Aya: My hands may slip if you do.

Yuka: Koichi...

Yuka: This is the makeup that'll  help me encounter love?

Yuka: Will my luck really change just by altering

the lines of my eyes and eyebrows?

Yuka: Koichi?

Koi: I-I've been looking for you, Yukako.

Yuka: Huh? Me?

Koi: Yeah... You passed by Rengatei  earlier, didn't you?

Koi: You looked really sad back there,

Koi: a-and I sort of got worried...

Yuka: Worried?

Yuk: You were worried about me, Koichi?

Koi: Y-Yeah... A lot happened between us,  but it doesn't bug me anymore,

so I don't want you to feel down about it.

Yuka: R-Really?

Koi: Yeah...

Yuka: I can't believe it...

Yuka: Is this really because of the makeup?

Yuka: K-Koichi...

Yuka: Rather than standing around,

why don't we find a place to sit and chat?

Koi: Huh?

Yuka: U-Um... Only if you want to...

Koi: Well...

Koi: I guess I am a little thirsty...

Yuka: Huh? Huh?!

Yuka: I really am lucky.

Things are really changing!

Yuka: I get to be near the cute, yet strong, Koichi...

Koi: I suddenly want to eat a chocolate parfait.

Koi: Does that make me seem girly?

Yuka: Huh? No! Not at all!

Yuka: That's what I wanted, too!

Yuka: This is like a dream...

Yuka: Physiognomy really does exist!

Yuka: I'm really on a roll right now.

Yuka: My luck is really on a roll right now!

Yuka: I... I can't believe it...

Yuka: I can feel Koichi-kun's  warmth and b*ating heart.

Yuka: I'm so happy...

This is the happiest I've ever been.

Guy: Oh, It's   PM! I can't believe it's this late!

Koi: H-Huh?!

M-My stomach hurts!

Koi: Ow...

Koi: Y-Yukako, I'm sorry!

Koi: I'm gonna head home.

Yuka: K-Koichi!

Yuka: Why...

Yuka: Why is it only thirty minutes?!

Guy: Hey, lady! Can't you see the light's red?

Yuka: Shut up!

Yuka: It's the light's fault for turning red!

Yuka: Why is it only for thirty minutes?!

Yuka: Make it longer!

Aya: You encountered love, didn't you?

Aya: You should be satisfied with that,  and come back tomorrow.

Aya: All of my other customers have done that.

Yuka: No! I can't stand luck that  only allows me to be with

Koichi for thirty minutes, and then rips us apart!

Aya: Phew...

Yuka: Next, do the one that captures love!

You can do that, right?

Aya: You really don't listen to others, do you?

Yuka: I said, "do it!"

Aya: Phew... Yukako.

Aya: Cinderella was able to  encounter a wonderful love,

even though she was bullied,  because she had a pure heart.

Aya: Which means you need to have the willingness  for such a wonderful encounter to occur.

Aya: Are you able to do that?

Yuka: Willingness? What are you talking about?

Aya: Just changing your physiognomy  isn't enough to change your luck.

Aya: Phew...

Aya: I became an aesthetician because I admired  the fairy godmother in Cinderella.

Aya: I want to live giving happiness  to others, just like her.

Aya: You're very beautiful, and I like you.

Aya: So I'll do this specially for you.

However...

Aya: We're going to have to work on various parts.

Aya: Phew...

Aya: It's your whole body... The whole body

Aya: must be transformed into  a body to capture love.

Aya: And the willingness you need to do that is this.

Aya: You need to apply this  lipstick every thirty minutes,

except when you're asleep.

Aya: It's to maintain your body  after I've worked on it.

Aya: If you can do this, you'll have the  luck to capture love for eternity.

Aya: The price is   ,    yen for    hours.

Yuka: Fine. Do it.

Aya: Good... Now, don't move.

Aya: Make sure you don't open your eyes.

Yuka: I knew you weren't a normal aesthetician.

Aya: Th-This power...

You can see my Cinderella?

Yuka: I see... so they were Stand powers.

Yuka: But the more I think about it, I don't care.

Yuka: If you wanted to harm me,  you would have already tried.

Yuka: I trust you. You're my fairy godmother.

Aya: You startled me...

Yuka: Just start already.

Aya: What a wonderful girl...

Aya: All right. I'll work my magic.

Aya: Cinderella is a Stand that  transforms the body's image.

Aya: This perfectly completes the work  on your body to capture love.

Aya: Yukako, your body has become  invincible when it comes to love.

Koi: The pain in my stomach suddenly went away...

Koi: Oh, this is Yukako's bag! Whoops!

Koi: I have to go back and return it to her!

Yuka: Koichi.

Koi: Y-Yukako...

Koi: O-Oh, yeah. Here! This is your bag.

Yuka: Huh?

Koi: And this is mine.

Koi: I accidentally took it. Sorry about that!

Koi: W-Well, I'll see you later.

Yuka: W-Wait, Koichi!

Yuka: Look at me.

Yuka: Don't you feel something  when you look at me?

Koi: W-Well... Well...

Koi: Well...

Roha: Hey! If it isn't Koichi!

Koi: Rohan-sensei!

Roha: I'm heading to the Kame Yu  department store for research.

Roha: Come with me.

Koi: I was planning on heading home...

Rohha: It's embarrassing taking pictures in a  department store by myself, you know.

Roha: So please?

JoJo-overlap,Yuka: What is this?

Koi: You're so needy... Ah.

Yuka: Wasn't I supposed to become  the invincible heroine?!

Yuka: What happened to the effectiveness

Yuka: of your Cinderella's powers?!

Mom: Oh, Ko.

Aya: No, Koichi's heart definitely  belongs to you now.

Kkoi: Oh, Mom. Sis.

Aya: But his reasoning is denying you.

: Did something happen between  you and Koichi in the past?

Aya: That must be it.

Mom: Oh, this gentleman is a manga artist?

: He's lovely. May we join you?

Aya: But don't worry.

Aya: Luck will eventually take your side.

Aya: Cinderella is absolute.

Aya: By the way, it's  .  It's almost been thirty minutes.

Aya: Make sure you don't forget  to apply the lipstick.

Yuka: Yes, I'm doing it now.

Yuka: Luck will take my side, huh?

Josu: What? You're going to Kame Yu? So are we.

Yuka: Huh?!

Yuka: What's with these people?!

Yuka: There are even more of them!

Yuka: And now the person I want here  the least, his mother, is here!

Yuka: Luck is on my side, my ass!

Yuka: I'll k*ll that salon !

Roha: I guess I'll start taking pictures here.

Jose: H-Hey, are you using the flash?

Jose: This isn't good, Josuke.

She's been startled, and the  stress is making her disappear!

Josu: H-Hey, Old Man! Head outside!

Jos: P-Pardon me!

Josu: Move out of the way, please!

Roha: Huh?

Mom: What's going on?

Koi: Ah!

Jose: Whoa! Sorry, Koichi!

Koi: Y-Yukako..

Yuka: K-Koichi...

Yuka: This... is luck.

Yuka: This is it!

Yuka: Our hearts are understanding each other.

Yuka: Koichi's heart is flowing into mine...

Yuka: This is my all...

Yuka: And my life is going to  change starting now...

Signtop: Ci

Signtop: Cin

Signtop: Cinde

Signtop: Cindere

Signtop: Cinderella

Signbot: Aya

Signbot: Aya Tsuji

Koi: Josuke, Okuyasu...

Koi: I... ended up kissing Yukako. Yeah.

Flail,Sfx: Flail

Flail ,Sfx: Flail

Josu: What did she do to you?!

That  must have tried  to pull something again!

Koi: Calm down! It's not like that...

Koi: I just...

Koi: It seems I've fallen in love with Yukako.

Josu: Huh?

Koi: I'm starting to think that her  personality isn't so bad...

Koi: It makes me feel warm inside.

Koi: Is this love?

Koi: I'm not really sure...

JoJo-overlap,Josu: Hey, Okuyasu, did you hear him?

Josu: Even a Stand would be blown  to the moon if it heard that.

Josu: He and Yukako...

Gush,Sfx: Gush

Josu: Hey, hey, hey!  You don't have to cry about it!

Josu: But, Koichi...

I don't know what led to this sudden    ,

Josu: but if you and Yukako both  have feelings for each other,

Josu: then there shouldn't be a problem.

Koi: That's not it, though...

Koi: Yukako has refused to see me ever since.

Koi: That's the mystery.

Koi: She hasn't come to school for two days.

Koi: She won't answer the phone...

She hasn't contacted me  at all. Nothing. That's it.

Koi: Y-You mean ever since you guys kissed...

Josu: You haven't heard anything?

Koi: Not at all.

Oku: Hmm... That is very bizarre.

Oku: If anything, I admired Yukako  for her dedication to love.

Josu: But honestly, I don't think you're going to

get an answer unless you ask Yukako in person.

Josu: We really shouldn't get involved...

Koi: Y-Yeah...

Oku: But if you're in danger, let us know!

We'll be right there!

Koi: Thanks. I'm gonna go now.

Josu: Yeah.

Oku: But...

Oku:  Koichi! I can't believe he kissed a girl!

JoJo-overlap,Josu: Seriously, it's no reason to cry.

Koi: Th-That hair!

Koi: Yukako!

Koi: W-Wait, Yukako!

Koi: U-Um...

Yuka: You've got the wrong person.

Koi: U-Um... You looked just  like her from behind, so...

Yuka: Actually, no, wait!

Yuka: K-Koichi...

Yuka: How dare you do this to me,  you stupid foolishass?!

Yuka: My face just keeps falling apart!

Yuka: Even if I put on makeup, it just falls off!

Yuka: You assh*le woman!

Turn my face back to normal!

Aya: It appears

Aya: that you broke your promise.

Aya: That's too bad.

I persistently told you to reapply the  Cinderella lipstick every thirty minutes...

Yua: I just forgot, that's all!

Yuka: Wh-What is this? My hands...

Yuka: They're turning into mush!

Aa: Your palm lines and  fingerprints are disappearing.

Aya: You shouldn't have broken the promise.

aya: That lipstick was to guarantee your luck.

Aya: You need a lot of energy  to change someone's luck.

Aya: And now that has gone away.

Aya: It's your own fault for  underestimating your luck.

Yuka: D-Do you want to die?!

Aya: Die?

I'm not running a salon for the  sake of ambition and money alone.

Aya: I wanted to be like the fairy godmother

in Cinderella who brings people happiness.

Aya: It is truly a shame.

Aya: I shouldn't have tried to  make your wish come true.

Aya: Your face and your palm lines are now gone.

Aya: They've been eliminated from this world.

Yuka: What... did you say?

Aya: They've disappeared.

There's no use for someone  who's missing parts.

Yuka: My face... is gone?

Yuka: What kind of life does someone  with missing parts live?

Koi: Yukako!

Yuka: K-Koichi!

Why is he...

No, I can't... He'll find me out.

Yuka: N-No, you've got the wrong person.

Yuka: Dr. Aya, men aren't  allowed in here, are they?

Hurry and throw him out, please.

Koi: It's that personality...

That insanely tough personality.

Koi: No doubt about it. You're Yukako.

Koi: I sort of fell for that personality...

Koi: And that lady is a Stand user, right?

Koi: And she did something to you...

Yuka: It's all over.

Yuka: I can't go on living.

Yuka: I'll k*ll you, Aya Tsuji!

Yuka: I'll k*ll you!

Aya: Calm down.

Koi: That's... P-Part of her face went flying!

Aya: There we go.

Aya: Phew...

Aya: So this is Koichi... Phew...

Aya: He was able to figure out that you were

Yukako Yamagishi, even though  your face is different.

Aya: Even though you've denied yourself,

some people can see others' personalities.

Cind: All right, Yukako.

On his behalf, I'll give you one  last chance as a fairy godmother.

Aya: Your last chance is to choose one of these.

Aya: Your real face is now gone,

but my Cinderella has memorized  every face we have ever worked on.

Aya: Choose your own face out of these.

Aya: If you can pick your own face,

it's possible to return your face to normal.

Aya: Your palm lines and fingerprints  will return naturally, too.

Aya: Just like Cinderella's glass slippers,  pick the one that's the perfect fit for you.

Yuka: You should've let me do that  to begin with, you foolishass!

Yuka: I can figure that out easily!

Yuka: I look at my face in the mirror every day!

Ayya: But if you choose someone else's face,

Aya: that face will never suit you.

Aya: In fact, speaking in terms of  my own beauty standards,

Aya: I will warn you that your  face will become hideous.

Aya: And your luck will be forever based on that face.

Koi: Y-Yukako...

Koi: Choose carefully.

Remember, your face in the mirror is reversed.

Yuka: R-Right...

Aya: The correct answer is that they're all wrong.

Aya: None of the faces there are yours.

Aya: If you can figure that out,  I'll fix your face.

Aya: That is my rule as Fairy Godmother.

Yuka: Once I start second-guessing, others  look like they might be mine, too...

Yuka: But...

Yuka: This is it! There's no doubt about it!

Yuka: I know, because it's my own face!

Aya: Are you sure?

You'll find out once you try to put it on.

Yuka: N-No... This isn't it.

My eyes look a bit more slanted.

Yuka: Wh-Which is it?

Yuka: I-I really can't tell after all...

Aya: What's the matter? Hurry up and choose.

Yuka: No, I'm not going to choose.

Aya: What?

Aya: What are you saying?

aya: You want to live your life without a face?

Koi: I'm going to have Koichi choose for me.

Yuka: Because... No matter what face  it is or what luck it carries,

so long as it was chosen by  Koichi, that's all I'll need.

Yuka: I can live with that.

I won't have any regrets.

Koi: B-But that's not...

Yuka: I don't care.

Yuka: Please choose, Koichi.

Koi: O-Okay...

Koi: This is it.

Koi: I don't know why, but I have  a feeling it's this one.

Koi: But if it's not the right face...

Koi: That's Reverb, my Stand.

Koi: U-Um, use your Stand to hurt  Reverb's eyes, and make me blind.

Koi: You said you wouldn't have any regrets,

Koi: but knowing your personality,

I'm sure you won't want me to look  at your face if it's not your own.

Koi: Because I've fallen in love with you,

I would really hate for that to happen.

Koi: So I think the best solution is  for me to not be able to see.

Yuka: Koichi...

Koi: All right, Yukako...

Yuka: Yes.

Yuka: L-Look, Koichi!

Koi: It fits perfectly!

Yuka: Koichi!

Koi: We did it, Yukako!

Yuka: It's because you chose my face for me, Koichi!

JoJo-overlap,Aya: Who would have thought he'd say

he'd go blind so he couldn't see her face?

Aya: I bent my rules as Fairy Godmother a bit,  but I fixed your face for you.

Aya: If I took the eyesight of a boy  who has nothing to do with this,

my reputation as Fairy  Godmother would be tarnished.

Aya: Yukako, it seems that you do, at least,  know a good man when you see one.

Nar: Salon Cinderella is currently open.

Nar: Her makeup will help you encounter love.
Kai: Good morning. This is Morioh Radio,

Kai: brought to you again today  by your neighbor, Kai Harada.

Kai: Our first song of the morning is this...

Kira: All right, let's eat.

Oh, yes. I have a present for you.

Lady: Mr. Kira... Um, Mr. Kira?

Lady: Mr. Kira, if you're not busy,  would you like to have lunch with us?

Kira: Sorry, but I'll have to pass.

Kira: I need to go deliver these documents.

Kira: Goodbye.

Guy: Give it up!

Guy: He never wants to hang out.

Guy: Whenever we invite him out somewhere,

I can't tell if he's really having fun or not.

Guy: Yoshikage Kira, age   , single.

Guy: He's serious about his work  and gets it done efficiently,

but the guy lacks any passion.

Guy: He's not a bad guy, but he just  doesn't stand out very much.

Kira: Hey, what are you so grumpy about?

Kira: The new girls at work just  invited me to lunch, that's all.

Kira: I promised that I'd have lunch with you,

Kira: so there's no way I'd go with them.

Kira: You heard me decline immediately, didn't you?

Kia: Have I ever left you alone? Hm?

Kira: Now, stop worrying about it,

and let's pick out some sandwiches together.

Katsu_Sandwich,Sign: Katsu Sandwich

Kira: Come on, which one do you want?

Kira: Isn't the bread wonderfully soft?

Kia: The sandwiches at this shop

use bread that's freshly baked at     AM, so they're really popular.

Kira: They're usually sold out by   PM.

Kira: You can feel how warm they are,  even through the wrapper.

Kira: The katsu in the katsu sandwiches  are freshly fried, too, and so crispy.

Kra: Oh, no.

You broke though the wrapper, and now the sauce is spilling out.

Kira: You naughty girl.

Kira: But now this sandwich has a hole in it,

so let's buy the one below it.

Pers: Thank you very much.

Kira: Morioh is such a beautiful town...

Kira: Could there possibly be  another town this wonderful?

Kira: It almost feels like we're on a picnic.

Kira: She's getting a bit ripe.

Kira: I guess it's about time to break up with her...

Kira: Time to sever ties.

Kira: "Sever ties"...

Kira: Maybe I'll go find a new girl, one who's on vacation or something.

Kira: Oh, it's just a dog.

Oku: Shigechi!

Shig: Oyo?

Shige: Josuke, Okuyasu!

Oku: Hey, perfect timing, Shigechi.

Josu: Sorry this is out of the blue,  but please lend us some lunch money.

Josu: We forgot to bring money.

Shige: Huh? What are you talking about?

You guys should have your  share from the lottery.

Oku: That money's in the bank.

It's a pain to have to get money  from the bank just for some lunch.

Oku: A thousand yen will cover both of us.

Josu: Yeah.

Oku: Come on, please?

We'll go to the bank right after school.

Josu: Hey, that bag... You've got a  sandwich from St. Gentlemen!

Josu: They actually weren't sold out?

Shige: You can't have this! This is my lunch.

Shige: Oh, fine. I'll lend you a thousand yen...

Oku: That's the spirit!

Josu: Thanks!

Shige: I'm gonna keep an IOU for this in my planner,

so don't skip out on me.

Oku: You're the one who skips out all the time!

Shige: Let's see... "June   th."

JoJo-overlap,Josu: Well, anyway, thanks again, Shigechi.

"Lent  ,    yen"... Lent?

JoJo-overlap,: Later!

Um, how do you write the  kanji for "lent" again?

Shige: Lent...

Sign: Lent

Shige: Well, whatever.

Shige: I'll just write it in hiragana.

I don't know how to write "Josuke"  or "Okuyasu" in kanji, anyway.

Shige: Huh?

Shige: M-My sandwich...

Wh-Where is it?

Shige: Oh, it's right there.

Shige: I feel like it's further away than  it was before, but whatever.

Kira: Th-That's...

Shige: Hey, Josuke, Okuyasu, wait!

Shiige: You need to put your  thumbprints on this IOU!

Your thumbprints!

Kira: What? That little brat!

He mistook my bag for his and took it?

Josu: Ah, what a pain.

How do we even put our thumbprints on it?

Oku: You know, you cut your thumb with a Kn*fe...

Shie: Y-You don't need to be so dramatic.

Fine, I'll just take your signatures.

Oku: Hey, let's hurry up and go to St. Gentlemen.  They're gonna sell out.

Kira: This isn't good. If he opens that bag...

Kira: She's wearing the ring I bought her.

Kira: And my fingerprints are on her...  With the police's investigative skills,

Kira: it'll just be a matter of time before  they trace the ring back to me.

Kira: I, Yoshikage Kira, have never left a  single clue in the last fifteen years.

Kira: And I'm not going to let  that kid do that for me!

Okku: Josuke, let's hurry.

Josu: Yeah.

Shige: I'll be waiting outside.

Kira: What should I do?

I'll just have to take it from him.

Kira: The best thing to do is to  swipe it without him noticing.

Oku: Shigechi!

Okku: You're super lucky,  it.

Josu: The St. Gentlemen sandwiches  are already sold out! !

Shige: Oh, I see. So they sold out.

Shige: Well, that's too bad.

Shige: In that case, I guess I wouldn't mind  selling you mine for   ,    yen.

Oku: You're such a  cheapskate.

Oku: I guess we don't have a choice.  Let's go to Hokaben, Josuke.

Josu: Hokaben, huh?

The stuff we could get for      yen each with a drink

wouldn't really fill us up.

Josu: If we get school lunch as usual,  it'll be plenty, though.

Koichi said he was getting school lunch, too.

Oku: No way! He's with Yukako Yamagishi, isn't he?

Oku: Why do I have to eat lunch  with a happy couple?

Oku: Not to mention, with the lunches there,

the meat's only about a millimeter thick,

and who knows what that stuff  in the miso soup really is?

Shige: Hey, there are a lot of drinks in  the prep room in my school's gym.

Shige: The gym teacher always sneaks  coffee and tea from there.

Shire: All of the teachers are in the  faculty room during lunch,

so I sneak in through the window sometimes and take some.

Shige: Wanna just go buy lunch and come with me?

Josu: What the heck? Are you  stealing from the school?

Oku: That's pretty cheap.

We can at least buy our drinks.  I'm not that greedy.

See ya!

Shige: And I was trying to be nice...

Shige: See ya. Oh, and pay me back  my thousand yen tomorrow!

Shige: Oh, pardon me!

I wasn't watching where I was going.

Shige: Sorry about that.

Kira: Crap... It's good that he  parted ways with his friends,

but he's heading back to school.

Kira: He's planning to eat it at school...

What should I do?

Kira: They were calling him "Shigechi," right?

Kira: There's no doubt he'll open  that bag in a matter of minutes...

Kira: This is extremely bad.

Shige: Now, then... I should be able  to eat my lunch in peace here.

Shige: Whoops! I almost forgot!

Shige: Before I eat my sandwiches,  I need to brew my coffee.

Shige: Since I'm here, I'm gonna have  some coffee before I leave.

Kira: You're a lucky boy, Shigechi.

If you had seen what was inside,  I would've had to get rid of you.

Ooku: Hey, Josuke! This is it!

Oku: It's smaller than I thought...

Kira: Wh-What?

They just said they wouldn't come here!

Oku: Shigechi, you here?

Oku: Shigechi!

Shie: Oh, hey. It's Okuyasu and Josuke.

Josu: We decided we'd have some coffee after all.

Oku: Because we got the    -yen Makunouchi bentos!

Shige: Hmph. After calling me greedy and a thief...

Shige: You've got some nerve!

josu: Now, now, don't be so stubborn.

Josu: People tend to change the  way they think over time.

Kira: What should I do?

Eliminating one of them would  be easy, but not so with three.

Kra: ! And she's only a few  dozen centimeters away...

Josu: Hey, Shigechi, get me a drink, too.

Josu: I'd actually like Japanese tea instead of coffee.

Oku: Is there any black tea? Like milk tea?

Shige: Blech. Makunouchi with milk tea? That's gross.

Kira: ! He's planning to  eat his lunch up there.

Kira: At this rate, he's going to  open the bag in front of them!

Oku: Aw, it's soy sauce again.

Oku: The katsu here always come with soy sauce.

Josu: Huh? You're supposed to  eat katsu with soy sauce.

Oku: What?! You idiot!

You're supposed to eat  it with tonkatsu sauce!

Oku: If you used soy sauce, the tonkatsu  sauce would lose its namesake!

Josu: Who cares about that?

Kira: Yes!

Kira: Wh-What?

Kira: Crap!

Josu: What?

Sign: Morioh Landmark #  Bakery "St. Gentlemen"

How_to_get_there,Sign: How to get there: Get off of the bus  bound for Morioh Budogaoka High  School and walk two minutes. It's a  bakery on the Green Road leading  from the station. It's popular  because of the varieties of bread  made there using a stone oven.  Customers include students,  housewives, and office ladies.  Their most popular items are their  sandwiches, which always sell out.

Kira: Crap!

Josu: What?

Shige: Hey! What are you doing, Josuke?

Shige: Hey! You weren't trying to  steal my sandwich, were you?

Josu: No! Don't be stupid.

Josu: There was a weird sound  that got my attention,

so I was just taking a look.

Shige: Don't you dare touch it!

There's no way you would just look at it!

Shige: I know you're going to say,

"Their teriyaki chicken sandwich is my  favorite, Shigechi. Give me a bite!"

Josu: You sure are a greedy little guy.

You got my tea yet? Where's my tea?

Oku: Don't forget, I want milk tea.

Shige: I'm just about to make them.

Kira: Now!

Kira: I did it.

Shige: Here you go.

I brought your Japanese tea and milk tea.

Oku: Sweet.

Josu: Thanks!

Oku: What's with you?

Shige: Wh-Where did you put m-my sandwich?

Oku: Huh? Oh...

Josu: Looks like it's gone.

But we don't know what  happened to it, right, Okuyasu?

Oku: Yeah.

Shige: Stop messing around!

How could you not know?  You're the only ones here!

Josu: No, we seriously have no idea!

Oku: Seriously, we're not messing around.

Oku: No joke, we really have no idea.

Shige: Y-You jerks... I-I'm really gonna get mad!

Josu: We're telling the truth!

Oku: You really need to stop.

Why would we take your sandwich—

Shig: We'll find out the truth soon enough!

Shige: I just need my Harvest to check the room!

Oku: You're such a pest! Yeah, go ahead!

Do it! Look as much as you want.

Oku: We wouldn't steal your stupid sandwich.

Kira: What? I can't see what  they're doing from in here.

Kira: What is that brat trying to do?

Guy: Hey!

Guy: I know someone's in the prep room!

Shige: That's the gym teacher!

Josu: Let's get out of here, Shigechi!

Shige: B-But my sandwich!

Josu: Now's not the time for that!

Teach: Hey, come back here!

Teach:  you, little brats.

Teach: I thought it was strange  that my tea and coffee

kept disappearing so fast. No wonder.

Teach: I need to be more careful about locking the door.

Kira: That was rather messy,

but I got through this hard situation,  and was able to get her back.

Kira: I always have to wonder if  I'm protected by luck...

Kira: And if I do things with careful  consideration and in a bold manner,

Kira: I have a feeling that I can  live a pretty happy life.

Kira: That was close.

Kira: I'm so glad you came back to me.

Shige: Found it!

Shige: Why does someone I don't  know have my sandwich?

Shige: Why is an adult that I don't know  sneaking around my middle school?

Kira: Could it be that you're  talking to me, little boy?

Kira: I have no idea what you're talking about.

Kira: This is my sandwich.

I just bought it at St. Gentlemen.

Shige: No, that bag is mine!

Shige: There are reasons why I know!

Shige: They're reasons you  wouldn't understand, though.

Shige: Take it back, Harvest!

Kira: Wh-What? What's going on?  The bag is being pulled...

Shige: Wh-Wha?! Wh-What... My sandwich...

Shige: Is this... a r-r-real human hand?

Kira: Oh, dear. It seems you've seen it.

Kira: It also appears, little boy,  that you have the same power I do.

Shige: You can see my Harvest?

Shige: H-Hey, what's this hand?

Why are you walking around  with just a hand in a bag?

Kira: Are you by yourself? You two friends...

I believe you called them Josuke and Okuyasu?

Kira: Do they have a power similar to yours?

Shige: Hey! Don't move!

Shige: If you move even a bit, I'm gonna att*ck!

Shige: You're a really creepy guy!  Don't come any closer to me!

Shige: I get a really creepy,  unfamiliar feeling from you!

Shige: Don't move! Don't move from there!

Kira: My name is Yoshikage Kira. I'm    years old.

My house is in the northeast section  of Morioh, where all the villas are,

and I am not married.

Kira: I work as an employee for the  Kame Yu department stores,

and I get home every day  by   PM at the latest.

Kira: I don't smoke, but I occasionally drink.

I'm in bed by    PM,

and make sure I get eight hours  of sleep, no matter what.

Kira: After having a glass of warm milk

and doing about twenty minutes of  stretches before going to bed,

I usually have no problems  sleeping until morning.

Kira: Just like a baby, I wake up without  any fatigue or stress in the morning.

Kira: I was told there were no  issues at my last checkup.

Shige: Wh-What are you talking about?!

Kira: I'm trying to explain that I'm a person  who wishes to live a very quiet life.

Kira: I take care not to trouble myself

with any enemies, like winning and losing,

that would cause me to lose sleep at night.

Kira: That is how I deal with society,

Kira: and I know that is what brings me happiness.

Kira: Although, if I were to fight,  I wouldn't lose to anyone.

Kira: Basically, Shigechi,

Kira: you are a troublesome thing  that would hinder my sleep,

therefore my enemy.

Shige: Th-That's...

Kira: Deadly Queen... is what I've named it.

Kira: I'm going to eliminate you now  before you have a chance to speak,

Kira: so I can sleep soundly again tonight.
Kira: Hm...

Kira: Deadly Queen... is what I've named it.

Kira: I'm going to eliminate you now,

Kira: so I can sleep soundly again tonight.

Shige: I warned you not to move!

Shig: Don't underestimate Harvest!

Kira: There are this many?

Not only that, but crushing three  or four did no damage, either.

Shig: If you move any more,

I'll cut that something-or-other  artery in your neck!

Shig: Oh, yeah! It's the one called the "carotid"!

Shig: I'm gonna cut it! My Harvest is invincible!

Shig: And it looks like your Stand

Shig: is the type that has power,  but can't go very far.

Shig: Looks like its range is about  one to two meters, right?

Shig: If you want to die, go ahead and try to move.

Kira: I see... So individual users have  their own unique powers?

Kira: Stand? Hmm... Stand, eh?

Kira: By the way, my Deadly Queen  also has a special power...

Shig: He has something... Grab it!

Shig: What? It's just a    -yen coin.

What were you planning to do with this?

Kira: Well, I thought I'd show you my  Deadly Queen's special power,

Kira: seeing as how you're already  as good as done for.

Kira: Deadly Queen's special power

Ira: is that it can turn anything  it touches into a b*mb.

Kira: Anything...

Kira: Even a    -yen coin.

Shig: Throw away that    -yen coin, Harvest!

Kira: Now I can relax and sleep well tonight.

Girl: Did you know there's a salon  that'll grant you love?

Girlb: Huh? Seriously? That's hilarious.

Girl: It's true! I hear it worked for  someone in the high school!

Kira: Looks like one blast didn't k*ll him...

Shig: Wh-What happened to me? What...

Shi: What the...

Shig: What the heck happened?!

Kira: I told you.

My Deadly Queen can turn  anything it touches into a b*mb.

Kira: I turned this    -yen coin into a b*mb.

Kira: I can push the switch whenever I want,

and my opponent is blown  to bits from the inside out.

Kira: Though in your case, Shigechi,

Kira: half of your face blew into your head,

Kira: and about a third of your brain got  mixed in with the flesh of your face.

Kira: Before I deal one more blow  to you, I just remembered

Kira: there's something that I  want to confirm with you.

Kira: You called this power a "Stand."

Kira: That Josuke and Okuyasu also  have Stand powers, don't they?

Shig: H-Help me...

Ira: No, no, no, no, no, no, no.

Kira: You must die.

I can't leave witnesses alive.

Kra: No one is allowed to know the true  identity of one Yoshikage Kira.

Kira: But you see, I'd like to  know about Stand users.

Kira: I'm sure I'd be able to find out

with some research, but I'd  like to ask you personally.

Kira: Josuke, Okuyasu...

Who are the others?

Kira: How many more are in this town?

Kira: What are their powers?

Shig: I-I don't know...

Ira: I'm certain you must know.

Listen, if you don't tell me...

Kira: I will eliminate your parents, too.

Shig: Wha...

What?

Shig: M-My mama and papa?

Kira: Hurry up and tell me.

If you do, nothing will happen to them.

Kira: If you take too long,  someone might show up here.

Kira: Just names will do. Come on, hurry it up.

Shig: E-Everyone was saying they were  looking for a m*rder in this town!

Shig: A m*rder... They meant you!

Sshig: You k*lled Reimi Sugimoto, too!

Kira: What? Reimi Sugimoto?!

Kkra: You're still able to use your Stand?

Kira: Deadly Queen!

Kira: That brat...

Kira: He was so torn-up, too.

shig: I-I'm... gonna go to Josuke...

shig: Josuke's Shining Diamond...

shig: can fix me...

shig: I'm... going to protect Mama and Papa...

shi: I'm gonna protect Mama and Papa from him!

Shig: That nasty, filthy guy

Shig: can't live in the same town as Mama and Papa!

High School Ahead No middle school students beyond this point —Middle School Principal

Shig: I have to go...

Shig: to Josuke...

Girl: Oh, sorry.

Girl: Are you okay?

Shig: I have to go...

Girl: You don't look so good.

Girl: He's from the middle school.

Girl: Th-There's something wrong with him.

Girl: We should get a teacher...

Girl: No, just leave him alone. He's creepy.

Girl: Let's go.

Shig: J-Josuke!

Shig: J-Josuke!

kira: You said everyone was looking for me?

Kira: Do you mean there's someone in this town

who knows about Reimi Sugimoto's m*rder?

Kira: But no one will be able to pursue me...

Kira: No one knows the identity of Yoshikage Kira.

Kira: As long as you are out of the picture...

Shig: I'm gonna protect my Mama and Papa...

Kira: Deadly Queen has already  touched the doorknob.

Shig: Josuke!

Kira: This is Deadly Queen's power.

Kira: He's been eliminated without a trace.

Josu: Did someone call my name just now?

Ok: Yeah, I heard it, too.

Oku: H-Hey, Josuke, look!

Hrv: I... found... you!

Josu: Sh-Shigechi?!

Oku: Shigechi!

Oku: S-Something's not right, Josuke!

Oku: Harvest was gushing blood  when it disappeared.

That's not a normal way  for a Stand to disappear!

Oku: Why did just one of them  show up in front of us?

Josu: Let's go to the middle school.

We have to find Shigechi!

Kira: Oh, dear. Where did that fall off?

Kira: Well, I guess I can't help it now.

Kira: I hope my usual tailor  has the same button...

Reei: How horrible...

Rei: It happened again. It's him again...

Rei: Another soul k*lled by him is flying away...

Rei: He must have encountered him.

Josu: Shigechi...

Rei: There's no doubt about it.

This boy is dead.

Rei: Shigekiyo encountered him,  and was k*lled by him.

Re: I can tell.

Rei: Though I don't know why he encountered him,

Rei: or how he was k*lled.

Rei: But it was definitely him.

Rei: I can tell it was him because he k*lled me.

Josu: I looked for Shigechi everywhere,  but couldn't find him.

Josu: He disappeared within just five minutes

after Okuyasu and I separated from him.

Josu: Shigechi's books and school  supplies were all left behind,

Josu: and his parents have  requested a police search.

Josu: That probably means...

Koi: Y-You're saying... The culprit is a Stand user?

Josu: You guys probably don't  know much about Shigechi,

Josu: but I can't imagine there's anyone  who can b*at Shigechi's Harvest.

Josu: This guy k*lled Shigechi within five minutes,

and managed to hide his body  somewhere within the school.

Jose: Jotaro, now that it's clear  we're dealing with a Stand user,

we'll have to help out, as well.

Jojo: Josuke.

Jojoj: I heard you picked up a button.

Josu: Yeah... One of the Harvests brought it to me.

Josu: This is it.

Jojo: This is Shigechi's final message.

Jojoj: It could be that Harvest ripped it off of  the m*rder's clothes and brought it to you.

Jojo: Let me hold on to this button.

I'll do some research.

Josu: Y-You can locate the guy with the kind  of button you could find anywhere?

Jojo: It's possible.

Jojoj: We might be able to figure out the brand  of the clothes and where it came from.

Koi: I see...

Oku: I-If we're done talking, I'm gonna go home.

Oku: I-I'm kind of in a weird mood.

Oku: I-I'm really annoyed...

Oku: Let's go home, Dad.

Koi: There's something wrong with Okuyasu.

Josu: Yeah... Shigechi was a greedy,  irritating little punk,

Jos: but he was the type you  just couldn't leave alone.

Josu: We can't believe he's gone.

Josu: Not to mention, he must feel  annoyed because he can't tell

if he should be angry or sad right now.

Josu: We both feel that way.

Josu: I'm sure Okuyasu feels it far more.

Oku:  it...

Yuka: It appears something awful has  happened outside my notice.

Toni: I'm going to warn all the customers  who come to my restaurant.

Aya: Phew... I don't think he'll come  to my place, but just in case...

Haza: Stand users eventually attract  other Stand users...

Haza: Though I never want to meet that guy.

Roha: So now everyone's going to take action, huh?

Kira: Oh?

Kira: That was Josuke just now...

Kira: And Okuyasu was there, too.

Girl: Hey, listen to this.

Girl: Last Friday was my birthday, right?

Girl: The guy I'm seeing gave me this  super lame ring as a present.

Girl: Look at it! Why would I want this thing?

Girl: Though I still put on an act like,  "Oh, my gosh! I'm so happy!"

Girl: I was dating him because  his dad owns some land,

but he's a total bumpkin.

Girl: This really is a kiddie ring. How much was it?

Girl: Probably around    ,    yen.

Girl: I'm gonna go pawn it off for some money.

Girl: It doesn't compliment my  beautiful fingers at all.

Kira: That woman's heart is ugly,

but her hands and face are beautiful...

Kira: If she comes to me, she can  date me with a cleansed soul.

Irl: Oh, I have to go. See you later.

Gil: Okay, bye-bye!

Kira: I'm afraid we'll have to part ways now.

Let's keep this farewell clean.

Shigekiyo_Yangu_,Sign: Shigekiyo Yangu: Deceased  {\b \fs  }Stand: Harvest

Deadly_Queen,Signtop: De

Deadly_Queen,Signtop: Dead

Deadly_Queen,Signtop: Deadly

Deadly_Queen,Signtop: Deadly Qu

Deadly_Queen,Signtop: Deadly Que

Deadly_Queen,Signtop: Deadly Quee

Deadly_Queen,Signtop: Deadly Queen

Signbot: Yoshi

Signbot: Yoshikage

Signbot: Yoshikage Ki

Signbot: Yoshikage Kira

Kai: Good morning. This is Morioh Radio,

Kai: brought to you again today  by your neighbor, Kai Harada.

Kai: How is the beginning of the  new week treating you so far?

Kai: Already, there are only three days left in June.

Kira: Now, let's eat.

Kai: And once it's July...  That's right, it's vacation season.

Kira: Oh, yes.

I've got several errands to run today,

Kai: What plans do you all have?

so I'd like you to stay home.

Kai: I can't wait.

Kai: And now, the perfect song for this sunny day

Kira: Let's eat dinner together when I get back.

Kai: in the middle of the rainy season. Here you go.

Girl: Thank goodness they still  had the Parisian special.

Girl: Talk about lucky!

JoJo-overlap,Girl: Let's hurry up and go to Yohee Lake.

Girl: Wait, Asuka's not here yet.

Girl: What? What's taking her so long?

Koi: It's been four days since Shigechi's incident...

Koi: Nothing has really happened since, but...

Koi: There's no doubt that there's a  k*ller somewhere in this town.

Koi: Honestly, anyone can look suspicious,

Koi: yet anyone can also look  completely innocent.

Koi: Ah... H-Hello, Jotaro.

Koi: Um, did you find anything out since last time?

Koi: Like, about the m*rder's button, or...

Jojo: No, not really.

There's nothing yet.

Koi: I-I see...

Koi: Um, where are you going?

Jojo: Nowhere, really.

Jojo: Just over there.

Koi: Ah...

Koi: Oh, man... He doesn't really talk, so it's  hard to have a conversation with him.

Koi: Rohan-sensei is scary because he's so  overbearing, but Jotaro's silence is scary, too.

Koi: Isn't there something  we can talk about? Um...

Koi: That's a very lovely coat!

Mukadeya_Shoes_,Sign: Centipede Shoes

Jojo: This store appears to be a shoe store.

Koi: Huh? Oh! Yes, it's a shoe store.

Koi: Is there something wrong?

Sign: We also do simple tailoring

Koi: It's a shoe store, but they also do things

on the side, like fixing waist measurements  on skirts and hemming pants.

Koi: There's also an electronics  shop that sells flowers.

Koi: Is there something wrong?

Jojo: I heard about all of the  tailors around Morioh,

but I didn't think to ask about places like this.

Old: Something wrong with this button?

Jojo: No, if you haven't seen it  before, don't worry about it.

Jojo: I just couldn't remember what  it was originally attached to.

Old: Little boy, would you  like an animal cr*cker?

Animal_Crackers,Sign: Animal Crackers

Old: I always eat the camel last,  so you can have any of the others.

Koi: No, thank you.

Old: Oh, okay.

Old: But not only have I seen that button before,

Old: but look, I just finished repairing  the suit it came off of.

Old: A customer came in yesterday,

Old: asking me to put on the exact same button.

Old: See? It's the exact same button.

Koi: Jotaro!

Jojo: Good grief. We found it, Koichi.

Old: Found it?

Koi: Oh, n-nothing...

Koi: M-More importantly, what did  the customer look like?

Do you know his name?

Old: His name?

Old: Well, of course I do. What do you take me for?

Old: I remember all of my customers' names.

Old: That's how you're supposed  to treat customers,

Old: even if you have hundreds or thousands!

Jojo: Really?

Koi: Yes! That's amazing!  Could you tell us his name?

Old: Anyway, the jacket has an order tag on it.

Old: Of course I remember it...  Even out of hundreds.

Ld: But I figure it might be faster to look.

Old: Let's see...

Kira,Sign: Kira

Old: The last name is... How do you read this?

Old: I think it's...

Koi: Wh-What is it? M-May I see it?

Old: Um... Um...

Hear: Look over here.

Old: Wh-What the?! My hand!

Hear: Look over here.

Koi: J-Jotaro! L-Look!

Jojo: Watch out, Koichi! Don't go any closer!

Hear: Hey, I told you to look over here.

Jojo: Is that his Stand?!

Koi: J-Jotaro!

Koi: H-He's here! He's taking the jacket!

Kira: To think someone would actually investigate  the button that fell off my jacket...

Kira: Did they see my name?

Kira: Why do things like this keep  happening to me lately?

Jojo: Good grief.

Who would've thought he'd  come to get his suit now?

Kkira: But I will make them disappear

with Deadly Queen's second b*mb.

Kira: Just like that brat Shigechi...

Koi: It's still moving!

The jacket is evidence!

Jojo: Wait!

Jojo: Don't run after it without thinking.

Jojo: The way that jacket is being  pulled is suspicious.

Jojo: Something about that Stand...

Jojo: is dangerous!
Hear: Look over here.

Koi: J-Jotaro! L-Look!

Jojo: Watch out, Koichi! Don't go any closer!

Hear: Hey, I told you to look over here.

Jojo: Is that his Stand?!

Koi: J-Jotaro!

Koi: H-He's here! He's taking the jacket!

Jojo: Good grief.

Jojo: Who would've thought he'd  come to get his suit now?

Koi: The jacket is evidence!

jojo: Wait!

Jjo: Don't run after it without thinking.

Jojo: Something about that Stand...

Jojo: is dangerous!

JoJo-MainTitle,: JoJo's Bizarre Adventure

JoJo-MainTitle ,: Diamond is Unbreakable

JoJo-MainTitle ,Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

JoJo-MainTitle ,Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable

JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episode       Heart att*ck, Part  

Centipede_Shoes,Sig: Centipede Shoes

Koi: It's a b*mb... It's a b*mb Stand!

Koi: So this is how it got Shigechi?

Koi: That's why we couldn't find him,  no matter where we looked.

Koi: He's... He's getting away!

Jojo: Don't go after him, Koichi.

Koi: Huh? Don't go after him?

Koi: What are you saying?

Koi: If we go after him,

we'll get to see the face of the person  who k*lled Reimi and Shigechi!

Jojo: We need to cautiously  observe and act, Koichi.

Oi: Wh-What are you talking about?

Jojo: We just happened to miss the  name tag on that jacket.

Jojo: But considering how big the jacket was,

we can tell that the guy's  about     centimeters tall.

Jojo: He's an office employee, and not married.

Jojo: If he had a wife,

he wouldn't have brought his  jacket here for a button repair.

Jojo: He's between the ages of    and   ,  and he looks pretty rich.

Jojo: Judging from the material and design,  that jacket was a high-end brand.

Jojo: Even if we don't follow him now,

we've significantly narrowed  down who it might be.

Koi: I-I see...

W-Wait! That doesn't mean we shouldn't go after him!

He's a m*rder!

Jojo: It's not that I don't want to  pursue him, but we can't.

Because that b*mb Stand  is somewhere over there.

Koi: Huh?! The Stand?

Koi: Y-You saw it?

Jojo: I didn't see it, but it must be there.

Slowly walk outside through the door.

Koi: It "must be"? Hang on.

How can you know it must  be there if you can't see it?

Jojo: If he were the kind of guy to leave right  after getting rid of the shop owner,

Ojo: then he never could've kept getting  away with k*lling for fifteen years.

Jojo: He's someone who gets rid of all evidence.

Jojo: Which means he plans to get rid of us.

Koi: Hold on a sec... Aren't you being too cautious?

Koi: If the Stand isn't here,

the m*rder must be far away  with that jacket by now.

Jojo: Listen up, Koichi.

Observing doesn't simply mean to look. It means to look carefully.

Look,Sign: Look

Carefully

Jojo: It doesn't mean to just  listen, but to listen well.

Listen,Sign: Listen

Sign: Listen  Well

Jojo: Otherwise,

Jojo: we're going to die.

Koi: H-He's sounding high-and-mighty,  but my Reverb isn't useless.

It's matured a lot, so isn't  Jotaro underestimating me a bit?

Koi: I wonder if the b*mb Stand  is really still around.

If it's not, we're gonna look really stupid!

Hear: Look over here.

Koi: I-It's really here!

Koi: I-If I keep touching it, it'll explode!

Jojo: Star Platinum!

Jojo: After all those hits I landed...  This thing's pretty hard.

Koi: It's going to explode!

Jojo: Star Platinum! The World!

Jojo: I hate doing anything that's tiring,  so I'm going to destroy you now.

Koi: Y-Yes! You must have stopped time.

Koi: Now no matter how much we  touch it, it won't explode!

Kira: I will make sure the people searching for me

Kira: die in an expl*si*n.

Kira: My Deadly Queen's Heart att*ck  always gets its prey, no matter what.

Koi: I-Impossible! It wasn't destroyed  by Star Platinum's power!

Koi: A-A Stand that's this hard... Impossible!

Jojo: Stay back, Koichi.

Koi: It's still perfectly fine!  It hasn't slowed down at all!

Jojo: Get back, Koichi!

Koi: Y-You've hit it so much that you're hurt,

but it hasn't sustained any damage!

Jojo: Get further back, Koichi!

Hear: Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.

Koi: What are you doing?!

It'll explode if you're touching it!  Let it go, quickly!

Hear: Look over here.

Jojo: Good grief. I've never met  such a sturdy Stand.

Jojo: I think my confidence is going to break first.

Koi: J-Jotaro, at this rate,  it's going to blow us up!

Jojo: You need to get further away.

This time, I'm going to take it apart for sure.

Koi: I-I'd like to say something.

Koi: A Stand controlled from far away

doesn't move with that much power.

Koi: But that thing's power and expl*sive att*cks...

Koi: The power behind those explosions wouldn't  be possible if the user wasn't nearby.

Koi: The user should be within fifteen...  no, ten meters of here!

Jojo: And?

Koi: "And"?! It's ten meters!

My Reverb has a range of fifty meters!

It can find the culprit!

Jojo: I told you, Koichi. Don't go after him.

Jojo: You just need to think about protecting  yourself with your Reverb.

Jojo: Don't do anything else.

Koi: Wh-Why?!

Jojo: The culprit is no longer nearby.

This is a remotely controlled Stand.

Jojo: I've had many encounters with  various Stands, so I know.

Heae: Look over here.

Jojo: Its actions are too simple for it  to be controlled from nearby.

Koi: You know from experience?

That's not logical at all!

Koi: There's no way a Stand that powerful  can be controlled from far away.

Koi: The user has to be close by!

Koi: So Jotaro really is underestimating me.

Koi: I've grown, too!

I can find the culprit and defeat him, too!

Koi: Distance, ten meters.

Koi: H-He's there! That's him! He has the jacket!

Koi: But something's weird...  H-He's too far away.

Koi: He's more than fifty meters away...

Koi: And he's only getting further away.

He's outside Reverb's range!

Koi: Th-The b*mb Stand is being  controlled from far away?

That's impossible!

Koi: Having that power and being  that far away is inconceivable!

Hea: Look over here!

Koi: Wh-What? It's heading toward me?!

Jojo: I figured it out.

That Stand goes after things  with higher temperatures first.

Jojo: That's why it's so powerful,  despite being controlled from far away.

Jojo: Bring out Reverb and protect yourself!

Even if I stop time, you're too far away!

Koi: C-Crap!

Koi: Reverb is...

Koi: fifty meters away, where the culprit is!

Koi: I'm sorry!

Jojo: Good grief.

Jojo: Star Platinum! The World!

Jojo: The reason this thing att*cked  the shop owner first

was because he had a hot drink.

Jojo: And it targeted Koichi because

his body temperature rose from being so worked up.

Jojo: If there's something hotter,  it should go toward that.

Jojo: Time has g*n to move again.

Jojo: I was right.

It goes after things with the  highest temperature first.

Koi: I'm saved...

Jojo: But if body temperature is  enough to make it explode,

Jojo: then when it's near fire...

Jojo: This power...

Koi: Huh?!

Koi: Jotaro!

Heart_att*ck,Signtop: H

Heart_att*ck,Signtop: He

Heart_att*ck,Signtop: Hea

Heart_att*ck,Signtop: Hear

Heart_att*ck,Signtop: Heart

Heart_att*ck,Signtop: Heart A

Heart_att*ck,Signtop: Heart Att

Heart_att*ck,Signtop: Heart Atta

Heart_att*ck,Signtop: Heart Attac

Heart_att*ck,Signtop: Heart att*ck

Yoshikage_Kira,Signbot: Yoshi

Yoshikage_Kira,Signbot: Yoshikage

Yoshikage_Kira,Signbot: Yoshikage Ki

Yoshikage_Kira,Signbot: Yoshikage Kira

Koi: How could this happen? This is all my fault, Jotaro!

Koi: This happened because I went after the culprit.

Koi: If he hadn't caused the fire for my  sake, it wouldn't have gotten him!

Koi: Wake up, Jotaro!

Koi: Jotaro! Jotaro!

Hear: That expl*si*n wasn't a human!

Hear: Look over here.

Koi: It's going to deal the final blow!

Koi: It's too strong!

Koi: It's just like Jotaro said!

It'll att*ck something that's hotter  than body temperature first.

Hear: Look over here.

Koi: I have to take this chance to run!

I want to call Josuke.

Koi: He'll fix Jotaro!

Koi: I have to call him!

Koi: This is... the kitchen!

Koi: There's plenty of heat here!

Koi: I need to buy some time  and run out that door.

Koi: There's a phone!

Koi: W-Wait a sec! It's not a gas stove!

Why does this house have an electric stove?!

Koi: It's going to take some time to warm up!

The oven's electric, too!

Koi: Wh-What should I...

Koi: I know! There should be some hot water.

Koi: Go over there!

Koi: It's empty!

Hear: Look over here.

Koi: Wait. If I observe carefully, like Jotaro said...

This thing has a weakness!

Koi: A weakness I didn't notice earlier!

Koi: And I'm starting to get annoyed.

Koi: Why do I have to regretfully run away

in fear from a m*rder, like,  "Please, God, save me"?

Koi: Shouldn't it be the other way around?

Koi: Why do I have to think that I'd rather

be looking for a public restroom while

I have diarrhea if I could only get  out of this situation safely?

Koi: Isn't something wrong?

Koi: The one who should be  running away in fear...

Koi: is you, m*rder!

Koi: It always att*cks based on temperature...

Koi: But that's exactly what your weakness is!

Koi: The fact that you never give up  on that is your weakness!

Kira: It's been almost three minutes.

I don't know what's going  on at that shoe store,

Kira: but there's one thing I can say with  more faith than anything in this world.

Kira: Heart att*ck has no weaknesses.

Kira: It'll track down its target, no matter what.

Koi: Now, then... Since that's over with,  I have to call Josuke on the phone.

Koi: He should be home now...

Sizzle,Sign: Sizzle

Koi: Now that thing's lost track of us.

Koi: Keep chasing after the word "sizzle" forever...

Koi: Just like a donkey chasing after a  carrot hanging in front of its face.

Koi: That's what your weakness is.

Josu: Hello, Higashikata residence.

Koi: Josuke, this is Koichi! There's trouble!

Koi: Jotaro is hurt bad, and it's my fault.  Please hurry and get here!

Josu: What?! Don't say that so suddenly!

: I don't get what you're talking about!

Koi: Just hurry up and get over here.  It finally happened!

Koi: We encountered the m*rder!

Koi: I've captured his Stand here.

Josu: What did you capture?!

Say it so I can understand! Where are you?

Koi: Wh-What's happening?

Koi: Ow, hot! I turned it off, but now  it's getting hotter and hotter.

Koi: What's with this piece of crap?

Koi: How can you cook anything good with this?!

Josu: Hey! I'm asking you where you are, Koichi!

Hear: Look over here.

Ki: Crap! It's ignoring the  letters and coming this way!

Josu: Koichi, where are you?  Hurry up and tell me, you foolishass!

Koi: I'm at Centipede Shoes! Hurry!

Koi: Crap, Reverb's tail letters also...

Koi: Reverb's tail letters got destroyed!

The damage...

Hea: That expl*si*n wasn't a human.

Hea: Look over here.

Koi: A-Again! It's coming after me again.

Koi: But I can't use the tail letters anymore.

Koi: Wh-What am I going to do?

How can I fight it?

Koi: Reverb Act  !

Koi: What's wrong, Reverb Act  ?!

Koi: Act  !

Koi: Where are you, Act  ?!  Why won't you come?!

Koi: Act   was k*lled in the expl*si*n!

Koi: It's split in two!

Koi: N-No, wait...

Koi: If the expl*si*n k*lled it, I'd be  dead too, because I'm the user.

Koi: N-Now I remember! It looked  like Reverb d*ed once before, too.

Koi: A-And then...

Koi: C-Could it be...

Boooom,Sign: Boooom

Koi: Reverb Act  !

Koi: Um, is that who you are, sir?

ActPlease give me orders.

Koi: D-Does this mean I've grown?!

Koi: You're amazing, Act  !

ActPlease give me orders.

Koi: Er, I don't know what your  powers are, so... F-For now...

Koi: Please protect us, Act  !

Koi: Um, protect us, please.  You can do that, right?

ActUnderstood.

Koi: This air pressure!

Koi: Th-This Stand has incredible speed!

Koi: It has way more speed than Act   and Act  !

Snap,Sfx: Snap

ActSpecial move: Reverb Act   Freeze!

Kerbam_Bam,Sfx: Kerbam Bam

Kerbam_Bam,Sfx: Kerbam Bam

Boooom,Sfx: Crash

Koi: H-Hey, Act  ?!

ActIt's too strong. I can't.

Koi: You can't?!

ActThis enemy has a seriously heavy power.

ActS-H-I-T.

ActI pushed, but I lost.

Koi: You pushed and lost? You can't be serious!

Koi: I'm telling you to protect us!

ActI have finished protecting us,

Actjust like you ordered.

Hear: Look over here.

Koi: You finished?! In what way?!

Koi: You're completely useless!  We haven't grown at all!

Hea: Look over he—

Koi: Wh-What?

Kira: This is taking far too long.

Kira: Why is Heart att*ck taking so long?

Kira: Wh-What's going on? My left hand just...

Kira: My left hand that released  Heart att*ck just suddenly...

Waitor: Sir, what's wrong? Are you all right?

Kira: Oh, it's nothing.  Allow me to pay for the cup.

Kira: I'll be leaving, so can I get my check?

Kira: Th-This is...

Kir: M-My left hand... is heavy!

Wait: S-Sir?

Kira: I-Impossible! My left hand! My left hand...

Kira: It feels like there's a     or    kilogram weight on it.

Kira: What's going on over there?

Wait: Sir, are you all right?

JoJo-overlap,Kira: D-Don't mind me.

Wait: Please, allow me to give you a hand.

Kira: It's heavy!

Wait: What are you doing, sir? How could you?

Koi: It's sunken into the pavement  and having a hard time moving...

Koi: Act  ! What did you do? This power...

Act:   Freeze!

ActI've rhymed "three" and "free."

Koi: Act  , what is this power?

Why is it moving slower? Tell me.

ActThere's really nothing to explain about it.

Kira: It's heavy...

For whatever reason,  Heart att*ck has gotten heavy.

Kira: This isn't good. I need to retrieve it.

Kia: I have to go retrieve Heart att*ck myself.
Kira: Doing things that bring attention to myself...

Kia: That is what I, Yoshikage Kira, hate the most.

Kira: And to think that I'm experiencing this  humiliation in front of total strangers...

Kira: To think that the invincible auto-pilot  Heart att*ck would get caught...

Kira: ... I have to undo this spell somehow...

Guy: Hey, mister. You okay?

Guy: You sick or something?

Guy: Want me to call your mommy?

Kira: It's nothing. Get lost.

Guy: Hey, hey, hey, did you hear that?

Guy: You seeing some sweet dreams during the  day after drinking too much, mister?

Guy: Is it fun? Does it feel good?

Grasp,Sfx: Grasp

Guy: That's a nice suit you've got on.

Guy: We've been fired and don't have any money.

We can't even get any es.

Guy: Seeing guys like you piss me off.

Guy: At least try to defend yourself.

Guy: Hey, mister. Your shoelaces are untied.

I'll tie them for you.

Guy: A square knot! That's super nice of you!

Guy: H-Hey, what's wrong?

Kira: Deadly Queen's first b*mb.

Kira: It turns anything it touches into a b*mb.

Guy: Th-The doctor! Call the doctor!

Kira: What a terrible day.

Guy: Get me a doctor!

Kira: I just want to live a quiet life,

and yet I had to deal with those  two pieces of trash today...

Oku: Hey, Josuke.

Oku: What the heck happened at Centipede Shoes?

Josu: I don't really know, but it wasn't good.

Josu: Hurry! It'll take about five minutes.

Koi: There are cracks in it.

That means the actual Stand's  been damaged, too, right?

ActPlease don't go too far away from me.

My range is five meters.

ActAct  's is five meters.

We have matured.

ActWe're even more powerful now.

ActIt can't be helped that my  range is shorter than Act  's.

Gravity,Black: Gravity

ActIf you move more than five meters from me,

Whte:   Meters

the weight on that thing will disappear.

ActIt'll stop struggling and regain its vigor,

and rush toward us like a dog in heat.

ActOn the other hand, the closer you get to it,

Actthe heavier I can make it.

ActWhat would you like to do?

Ki: N-No... This distance is plenty.

I hope Josuke gets here soon.

Kira: Apparently, a gym will be opening  near Budogaoka High School soon.

Kira: I was really considering  getting a membership.

Kira: I have to gain more stamina.

Kira: But I wonder if I'll be  lifting the same foolishbells

who've been playing with their dicks after not bathing for a week,

or getting in the same pool with them.

Kira: It took me three minutes to get here.

Kira: I felt my lack of stamina the most  when I tried to cross at the crosswalk.

Kira: By the way, who's going to show up here?

Kira: You called someone for help, didn't you?

Kira: Josuke Higashikata and Okuyasu  Nijimura live the closest.

Kira: It'll take them about five minutes,  so two minutes to go?

Kira: You're their friend, aren't you?

Koi: H-H...

Kia: Yukako Yamagishi and the woman

who runs Salon Cinderella are also  what you call Stand users, aren't they?

Kira: You wouldn't actually call  a lady for help, would you?

Koi: H-He's...

Kira: I left my jacket with the button behind.

Kira: I'll go get it later...

Kira: After I'm done with you.

Oi: H-He's... right in front of me!

Koi: This man...

Koi: The one who k*lled all those people  over all those years...

Koi: And Reimi and Shigechi...

Koi: Let him have it, Act  !

Dogyuun,Sfx: Dogyuun

Kira: Deadly Queen!

Koi: Why does he have two Stands?

Koi: I thought a user could only have one Stand!

Koi: Heart att*ck is a tracer b*mb that was  launched from Deadly Queen's left hand.

Koi: That's why the damage  is only in my left hand.

Act: Warning, Sir Koichi.

You have just left my range of five meters.

Act: The b*mb Stand's weight will disappear.

Act: S-h-i-t. I'll have to att*ck  it with   Freeze again.

Kira: I see... Range, eh?

ActWho would you like me to hit?

The actual m*rder,  or that  b*mb Stand?

Act:   Freeze cannot make two  things heavy at once.

Koi: Even if we make the user heavier,

the b*mb Stand is on  auto-pilot, so it won't stop.

Koi: Even if we make the b*mb heavier,  the user will come after me.

Act: Which will it be?

Please hurry and give me orders.

Act: Which one are you going to att*ck?

Koi: S-Stop the b*mb!

Act:   Freeze!

Sign: Ker-bam-bam

Kira: It appears that, no matter who you att*cked,  you were still fated to lose.

Kira: However, to think that Heart att*ck,  which I thought had no weak points,

Ira: would be completely useless...

Kira: I had to pay some expenses at the café,

then ended up in a scuffle with some  hooligans. I feel like I've been had.

Kira: This is the first time

Kira: I've ever felt so cornered.

Kira: I even feel a slight sense of defeat.

Kira: Goodness. I must show you some respect.

You're rather impressive.

Kira: By the way, do you have any pocket tissues?

Kira: A handkerchief would work, too.

Kira: Hm? I've shown you some respect.

The least you can do is talk to me.

Koi: I don't... have any.

Ira: Then, here. Use mine.

Kira: A lot of blood is coming from your nose, right?

Kira: It's just so you can wipe that off.

Kira: I'm about to b*at you to death.

Kira: I have a little over a minute  before your friends get here.

Kira: Otherwise, I just won't be satisfied after  having to face such humiliation in public.

Kira: Now, now, stop screaming  in such a weird way.

Kira: I endured the same pain you feel now

as I was heading over here, but I didn't scream.

Kira: You're a boy, aren't you?

Kira: You should take after me.

Kira: See? You need some tissues now, don't you?

Kira: I'll wipe it for you.

They say your brain slows down  when your nose is stuffed up.

Kira: But you know, I was on the ground  a little while ago, too, just like you.

Kira: I'll blow you away with  Deadly Queen in another minute.

Kira: Until then, you need to be like  me and just endure the pain.

Kira: You need to be like me!

Koi: Y-Your name...

Koi: is Yoshikage Kira...

Koi: Yoshikage Kira is your real name...

Kira: My driver's license!

Kira: When did you take it out of my wallet?

Kira: You little brat...

Koi: You said you paid some expenses  at the café earlier, right?

Koi: That's when I had an idea.

Kira: So what?

What do you gain from knowing my name?

Kira: You're about to be erased.

Koi: Yeah, you're about to k*ll me.

Koi: But even I was able to figure out your name.

Koi: You're not that big a deal.

Koi: You might get away for now,  but how do you feel?

Koi: A little brat like me managed  to find out what your name was.

Koi: I'll say it again.

A little brat found you out!

Koi: You're a complete idiot!

I'll be looking forward to  seeing you in the next world!

Kira: You!

Kira: ! What is this sense of defeat?!

Reverb_Act_ ,Signtop: Re

Reverb_Act_ ,Signtop: Rev

Reverb_Act_ ,Signtop: Rever

Reverb_Act_ ,Signtop: Reverb

Reverb_Act_ ,Signtop: Reverb A

Reverb_Act_ ,Signtop: Reverb Ac

Reverb_Act_ ,Signtop: Reverb Act

Reverb_Act_ ,Signtop: Reverb Act  

Koichi_Hirose,Signbot: Ko

Koichi_Hirose,Signbot: Koichi

Koichi_Hirose,Signbot: Koichi Hiro

Koichi_Hirose,Signbot: Koichi Hirose

Kira: What an infuriating little brat.

I still have a minute before Josuke and Okuyasu show up.

Kira: And I was trying to b*at the crap  out of him to calm myself down.

Kira: He's got his socks on inside-out.

Doesn't that bug him?

Kira: Ugh, it sure bugs me!

Josuu: Not that way, Okuyasu!

Oku: But Centipede Shoes is this way.

Josu: If we go this way, we'll get  there in a minute! Hurry up!

Kira: Wear them properly.

Kira: Now I can finally relax.

Kira: And now I can blow you to kingdom come!

Kira: Deadly Queen!

Kira: The tip of this finger can  turn anything into a b*mb.

Kira: I guess, in your case, I'll make  your student badge a b*mb.

Kira: The first b*mb!

Jojo: Koichi, you were winning against  that man psychologically.

Kira: What?!

Kira: Well, this is a surprise.

I never thought you'd be able  to stand with those wounds...

Kira: However, you would have been much  better off if you had stayed down.

Kira: I can almost see the view behind  you through your wounds.

Jojo: That's a nice watch.

Jojo: But I'll break it so you can never  see the time on it again...

Jojo: By that, I mean I'll break your face.

Kira: You seem like quite an interesting fellow.

Kira: I'd love to learn your name,  as well as various other things,

Kira: but I must take my leave.

Kira: I only have twenty seconds left.

Kira: I don't have time for idle chit-chat.

Kira: Your Stand just now was very weak.

Kira: I was easily able to catch it, like a pop-up.

Kira: Do you really think you can defeat  my Deadly Queen with so little power?

Grasp,sfx: {\c&HEA    &}Smash

Kira: Wh—

Kira: H-He's fast...

Kira: Wh-What's with this speed?

Jojo: Upon closer inspection...  Good grief, what an ugly watch.

Jojo: But you won't have to worry  about that anymore...

Jojo: Because your face is going to end up

even uglier.

kira: What is this Stand?

kira: It's so fast, it's like it stopped time!

Jojo: Koichi, if it weren't for you,  I would have been dead.

Jojo: You did well fighting all by yourself.

Jojo: You have my respect, Koichi.

Jojo: You've matured.

Josu: Hey, Koichi!

Josu: Koichi!

Oku: Wh-What the heck happened here?

Jojsu: K-Koichi! Jotaro!

Josu: Be careful, Okuyasu.

Oku: What the heck happened?! Jotaro! Koichi!

Josu: Calm down. I need to find out  if Koichi is alive or not.

Josu: If he's alive, I can fix his  wounds with Shining Diamond.

Josu: Yes! Jotaro is alive! Just barely, though.

Ku: K-Koichi's alive, too.  But he's not breathing!

Oku: Hurry! Hurry up and fix him, Josuke!

Oku: Hey, he's not waking up at all!

Josu: But I've already fixed him up.

Kira: This is awful... Josuke and Okuyasu are here.

Josu: He's hurt really bad!

Jou: It's gonna take a while for  him to regain consciousness.

Kira: What a day... I've never had  such an awful day in my life.

Kira: I have always been able to  get through any dilemma...

Kira: I'm going to get away, no matter what.

Josu: What are you doing?

Ku: Hey, he's awake.

Josu: Hey, don't try anything funny.

Oku: Turn this way slowly. Show us your face!

Kira: Be careful! Don't go to Centipede Shoes!

Kira: There's going to be some crazy expl*si*n!

Kira: The owner just suddenly came flying out!

Kira: Those two, too!

Oku: An expl*si*n?

Josu: H-Hey, calm down. Were you caught in the blast?

Kira: I'm just an office employee.

Kira: But now I'm going to die...  Look at all this blood.

I-It hurts!

Josu: H-Hey, calm down. It's all right now.

Josu: I'll patch you up.

Josu: Where did you get hurt?

Kira: I think one of my ribs might  have punctured my lung.

Kira: H-Hurry up and fix me, please!

Josu: Hurry?

Josu: Oh? No matter how you look at me,  I just look like a high school student,

so why would you ask me to fix you?

Josu: I have trouble just getting  into pachinko parlors,

yet I look like some doctor who  graduated from med school to you?

Josu: You totally fell for it.

You saw my Shining Diamond, didn't you?

Kira: Crap... I got too impatient.

Josu: Which means you're the enemy.

Josu: This was a draw.

Oku: Th-This guy's the m*rder?!

Kira: I guess this means I've lost.

Ira: Yes, the one you're all looking for is me.

Kira: My face has been seen,  my Stand has been seen,

and my name has been discovered.

Kira: It appears I won't be able to  sleep peacefully anymore...

Kira: But only tonight!

Kira: Deadly Queen!

Josu: What are you doing?!

Kira: Exactly what it looks like. I cut it off.

Kira: I-It hurts... It's so painful,  and I'm bleeding a lot.

I'm even crying.

Kira: But winning or losing means nothing to me.

Kira: I'm going to survive.

I'm going to survive in peace.

Kira: I have to live with the fate of being  unable to fight the urge to k*ll people,

Kira: but I will live happily!

Kira: Heart att*ck, you are free!

Kira: I leave the rest to you.

Kira: Protect me.

Josu: What is that wimpy-looking thing?

Jojo: Josuke, that's a b*mb Stand  that goes after body heat!

Jojo: And it won't break!

Jojo: It's going to explode in reaction  to your body temperature!

Oku: It won't break?

Josu: Break?

Josu: You've got it backwards. I fixed it.

Josu: If that guy left it behind...

Josu: This is a pretty gross idea, but that  hand is heading toward the m*rder.

Josu: Let's go after it!

Yeah!

Josu: You're not getting away that easily, foolishass!

Guy: H-Hey, look at that...

Kira: Now I'll be able to sleep peacefully...

Guy: K-Kira? Why is your face all bloody?

Kira: Hello, everyone. Is it  already time to head home?

Kira: I'm in a hurry, so I'll be seeing you.

Koi: The m*rder's name is Yoshikage Kira.

Koi: His address is Morioh Kotodai  -   .

Koi: He's    years old.

Koi: His Stand is a short-ranged  b*mb Stand, Deadly Queen!

Oku: Hey, where is that guy headed?

Josu: It doesn't matter where  he's headed. He's finished!

Josu: He's in this building.

Oku: Hey, wait... This is...

Oku: Salon Cinderella!

Josu: What's he doing here?!

Koi: A-Aya! Are you here?

Koi: Dr. Aya Tsuji!

Koi: A-Aya's...

Aya's...

Oku: What is this? What is this?!

Josu: He's dead... Why is Yoshikage Kira dead?

Koi: Aya!

Josu: Th-This is...

Oku: What happened?

Jojo: Wait! That man isn't Yoshikage Kira!  He has his left hand!

Josu: Huh?

Josu: He d-doesn't have a face!

Koi: What?!

Oku: He's missing his fingerprints on his  right hand, too. Who is this guy?

Aya: Guy...

Aya: He's wearing the same suit...

Aya: He brought in that guy,  and k*lled him in front of me.

Aya: He's too terrifying...

Aya: He made me switch his face using Cinderella.

Aya: And his hair and fingerprints, by force...

Josu: So he's someone else now?

Aya: Yes...

Aya: H-His face...

Josu: Shining Diamond!

Aya: H-His...

Jojo: Josuke, don't touch her! Get away from there!

Aya: His face...

Koi: Aya!

Jojo: On the other side of that door!

Josu: You're not getting away, !

Koi: Th-This is...

Oku: I-It's time for everyone to go home...

Oku: S-So many...

Josu: Wh-Which one is he?  Which one is Yoshikage Kira?!

Koi: Yoshikage Kira, you coward! Show yourself!

Jojo: He managed to get away.

Jojo: He's not going to be quivering, or hiding.

Jojo: He's not even going to leave Morioh.

Jojo: He's going to live his life in  this town, like he always has.

Nar: Aya Tsuji: dead.

Sign: Aya Tsuji: Dead

Yoshikage Kira Changes His Face, Name, and Address, Becoming a Different Person
Shino: I met that boring man

Shino: when I was going to community college.

Sino: He went to a pretty upper-rank  college in the area,

Shino: and my friends were envious  because he was quiet and cool,

Shino: so I went out with him to feel superior.

Shin: We had a child.

Haya: I see. Because it's three times the  speed, the picture quality's...

Shino: Hey, Hayato. No "hello" for your mother?

Haya: Hi.

Shin: My husband's not a bad man.

Shin: It's not as if he drinks a lot,

Shin: and even though he doesn't earn much,

Shin: he always goes to work.

Kosaku_Kawajiri_,Sign: Kosaku Kawajiri Shinobu Hayato

Shin: But...

Shin: I'm a woman who married  without ever knowing love.

Shin: Hmph. He's home.

Shin: He only knows the words  "food," "bath," and "sleep."

Shin: That boring man...

Kos: I'm home.

Kos: Where's dinner?

Shin: Oh, you're home? I didn't even notice.

Shin: I was really busy today,  so that's all there is.

Shin: But it's your favorite, isn't it?

Sign: Ramen Land

Shin: Is he mad?

Shin: If you have the guts to  get mad, then get mad.

Shin: I'm sure you're just going to eat your  dinner silently as usual, though.

Kai: Good evening! This is Morioh Radio,

Kai: brought to you again today by your neighbor, Kai Harada.

Shin: What are you doing?

Kai: How's your evening going so far?

: Here's a perfect song to end the day...

Sign: Episode        Heart Father

Koi: Fifteen minutes by car from Morioh Station...

Koi: His house was in the villa and resort area.

Sign: Morioh Station

sign: Yoshikage Kira's House

Koi: Rather, it was Yoshikage Kira's house  when that was still who he was.

Kira,Sign: Kira

Koi: He has now gained a new face,  family registry, job,

and a different place to call home.

Koi: I'm sure he'll never try  to come near here again.

Oku: There aren't any corpses  in the fridge, are there?

Koi: But we had to search the place.

Koi: Because now that he's someone else,

Koi: the only clues we could possibly  find on him would be in this house.

Josu: Is that his album?

That totally looks like him.

Sign: Third Grade Summer Summer Camp  -  -    

Jojo: Yoshikage Kira...

Jojo: Born in Morioh Town on January   th,     .

Jojo: His height is     centimeters,  weight is    kilograms,

and his blood type is A.

Jojo: He was born to parents of advanced age.

Jojo: His father, Yoshihiro, d*ed of illness when Yoshikage was   ,

Jojo: and his mother d*ed of old age not long after.

Jojo: In     , he graduated from  D Academy's Department of Literature.

Jojo: That same year, he started working for  S City's Kame Yu department store.

Jojo: He transferred to the Morioh branch in     .

Jojo: No previous criminal record. No record  of getting married. No close friends.

Jojo: No girlfriend. No surgeries.

Jjo: It's impossible to find him using  fingerprints, teeth, or surgery scars.

Josu: That's all rather vague information.

Jjo: Look. These trophies and awards...

Sign: High School Music Recital Violin  rd Place Yoshikage Kira

Jojo: They're all third place.

Sign: Middle School Track Meet     Meter Hurdles  rd Place Yoshikage Kira

He definitely wasn't the school hero.

Sign: Award Grade School Writing Contest Overall  rd Place

Jojo: And it's hard to tell what he was good at.

Sports? Music? Writing?

Jojo: Even in this photo, he's positioned  so he doesn't stand out.

Jojo: No one envied him or ridiculed him...

Jojo: He's a man who doesn't show his  strengths or weaknesses to anyone.

Josu: Which means...

Jojo: Of course, all this was deliberate.

He was hiding his high intellect and abilities.

Jojo: He knew that was the best  way to stay out of trouble.

Jojo: I came here hoping we could possibly  find one of his hobbies, but...

Josu: Hobbies? Come to think of it,

he seems to have kept several jars in a drawer.

Josu: See?

Josu: It looks like some sort of scrapings in them.

Josu: And what are these numbers?

Josu: "    "... Maybe it's the year.

Josu: They have a faint smell.  What do you think they are?

Jojo: They appear to be nail clippings.

Josu: Huh?

Josu: Wh-Whose nails are they?!

Josu: Th-They couldn't be...

Jojo: No, they're his own nails.  They're not from his victims.

Jojo: He's kept very meticulous data in his notebook.

Josu: Data? You mean the numbers on the jars?

Josu: Does that mean he's been  collecting them since     ?

Jos: For the last fifteen years?

Pages: Thumb | Index Finger | Middle Finger | Ring Finger | Pinky

Josu: Gah! He recorded every  finger! He's so detailed!

Sign: {[Years that my nails grew more than   cm] Right Hand Measurements

Josu: Does this mean that in     , his thumbnail on

his right hand grew   .  centimeters?

Josu:      was the year Reimi Sugimoto was k*lled.

Jojo: The records begin in that year.

Jojo: He probably reached the point

where he couldn't contain his  m*rder instincts any longer.

Josu: Whoa! He's got his toenail  lengths on the next page!

Jojo: I guess we've discovered the odd hobby

of a man who tried to convince  others that he was boring.

Jojo: Look.

Sign: Years that my nails grow more than    cm I'm on a roll!! No one can stop me.

Ojo: This data is fortune-telling.

Jewish merchants observe  the movement of sunspots

to determine how well  their businesses would do.

Jojo: It appears Yoshikage Kira  used the length of his nails

to determine the condition he was in...

Jojo: Whether he was in condition to k*ll, of course.

Josu:     !

As of June, they've already grown  more than    centimeters this year!

Josu: He's insane, that sick villain!

Jojo: But this isn't a clue we can use to track him.

There might be something else.

Josu: Does this mean someone  else is in this house?

Jojo: It would appear so.  Josuke, stay on your toes.

Josu: Does that mean he's working  with someone else?

Jojo: No... That's not possible.

Jojo: Crimes can be traced from  interactions with others.

Jojo: A partner could possibly rat him out.

Jojo: He's not the type to trust anyone.

Josu: This is...

Josu: Jotaro, look at that camera.

Jojo: I-It's his father... Kira's father!

Josu: He's in the picture, right behind us!

Josu: But...

Jos: This is not good. This is so not good.

Josu: Does that mean he's a ghost?

Jojo: Yeah. Considering the case of Reimi Sugimoto,

Jojo: it's possible that his father  also couldn't pass on

to the next world and is stuck  here as a soul's energy.

Jojo: Look at his expression.

Jojo: He looks like he wants us to get out.

Number_Withheld_,Sign: Number Withheld   Public

Josu: Are you trying to scare us  with your ghost energy?

Josu: But this is all the more reason we can't leave.

Oshi: Hurry up and answer the phone, you slowpoke!

Yosh: I'm making it ring!

Yosh: You think I look like I want you to leave?

Yosh: It's the opposite, you moron!

Yosh: My face is saying that I'm never  letting you leave this house!

Yosh: Anyone who goes after my son must die.

Josu: You! You know  about your son's crimes?

Oku: Hey, is something wrong?  What's all the racket?

Josu: Where are you hiding?

Get out here, you man ghost!

Koi: Ghost?!

Jojo: Josuke, he's not hiding.

Josu: Huh?

Jojo: It appears Kira's father has  been present from the start.

Jojo: Look.

Boom,Sign: Boom

Josu: Wha... When did he...

Jojo: He's moving around in the picture.

He's calling us from inside the picture.

Jojo: He probably threw the receiver  from within this picture, too.

Yosh: I'll k*ll you...

Yosh: I'll k*ll anyone who goes  after my precious son!

Koi: Josuke!

Koi: We can att*ck ghosts with our Stands!

Koi: Rohan-sensei used his Heaven's Door  to read Reimi's memories!

Josu: villain!

Josu: Take this!

Josu: What?!

Jojo: D-!

Any damage to the photograph  will come back to us!

Jojo: Hurry up and fix it, Josuke!

We're going to blow to pieces!

Koi: Josuke! Jotaro!

Yosh: That power... I see!

: You two have

the same kind of power that my son has!

Josu: Okuyasu, you're up!

Josu: Use The Hand to cut just  the old man out of the picture!

Oku: Gotcha! Leave it to me, Josuke!

Oku: Huh?

Josu: O-Okuyasu?

Oku: Wh-What the?!

Oku: Why did I run straight into the window?

koi: M-My hands are coming out  all the way over there!

Koi: I can't come past this point!

Josu: That's...

Josu: A-A wall!

There's a wall here that we can't see!

Josu: It won't break! I-It can't be!

Yosh: You finally figured it out?

That's the frame of the photo!

Yosh: It may look like you're in the  room, but you're actually not.

Yosh: I'm a ghost that lives within a photograph...

Yosh: I can control the dimension of  any photograph that I appear in.

Yosh: Because I can trap the energy of others'  souls in photos, using the camera!

Yosh: That is my power!

That room is inside the picture!

Yosh: If you damage the photo,  your soul's energy will be hurt,

and the damage will come  back to you, as well!

Oku: Inside the picture?  But it's right in front of me!

Yosh: If you're as foolish as you look,  you don't need to think about it too hard.

Yosh: After I k*ll these two, I'll trap  the two of you and slice you up!

Koi: J-Josuke! Jotaro!

Yosh: I'll k*ll you...

Josu: You! Stop, !

Josu: Jotaro, what are you doing?

Jos: Do something with your  invincible Star Platinum!

Jojo: Josuke... I'm giving up.

Josu: Huh?

Jojo: It appears impossible to stop  the old man's att*cks.

Jojo: If all the damage is just  going to come back to us,

Jojo: then even if I stop time with Star Platinum,  we won't be able to do anything.

Jojo: When something's useless, I give up.

Josu: What did you say, Jotaro?

Josu: What are you talking about?!

Yosh: I'll k*ll you!

Yosh: Your heads went flying!

Jos: A-A Kn*fe...

Cray: What?!

Jos: I can't touch it! J-Jotaro!

Jojo: I've given up on stopping the man,

Jojo: but...

Yosh: Wha?

Jjo: If he controls any photograph he's in,

Jojo: then maybe all we have to do is take a  picture of him by himself, so he's alone.

Yosh: What?!

Yosh: To think you've evaded my att*ck... !

Jojo: Josuke, say something to him.

Something cool. Let him have it!

Josu: Y-You didn't scare me at all, you idiot!

The_Hand,Signtop: The

The_Hand,Signtop: The Ha

The_Hand,Signtop: The Han

The_Hand,Signtop: The Hand

Okuyasu_Nijimura,Signbot: Oku

Okuyasu_Nijimura,Signbot: Okuyasu

Okuyasu_Nijimura,Signbot: Okuyasu Niji

Okuyasu_Nijimura,Signbot: Okuyasu Nijimura

Yosh:  you!

Yosh: You guys are clearly used to fighting.

Yosh: You must have fought against  people with the same kind

of power as my son many, many times!

Josu: He can get out, since he's a ghost.

Jojo: We need to make sure you  stay in there and keep quiet.

Jjo: There's something in this house that will  cause him a lot of trouble if we find it.

Jojo: That's why you att*cked us.

Oku: I get it.

So if you fold him in half, there's no exit.

He can't run away.

Jjo: Okuyasu, Koichi, you two search this room.

We'll search the right side.

Yosh: I can't protect my son now! !

Yosh: If that falls into their hands...

Koi: Still, what thing that might cause  trouble for him should we look for?

Oku: I'm not thinking too much about it.

Oku: If Kira's old man there turns pale,  it's a good sign.

Yosh: I-I can't breathe...

Yosh: I-It's too cramped...  Please, just a little is fine.

Yosh: Just open the tiniest of holes  in the tape and let me breathe...

Koi: Y-You really can't breathe?

Oku: Hey, Koichi, he's just acting.

Oku: He's trying to get you to  open a hole so he can escape.

Yosh: Y-You may not believe me,  b-but I really can't breathe!

Koi: I'm claustrophobic, so I  understand how that feels...

Oku: Oh, quit whining. You want us  to open up a hole that bad?

Oku: Fine, then. I'll open up plenty for you...

Oku: With tacks, that is.

Yosh: Wh-What are you doing?!

Yosh: ! Let me out of here,  you stupid little brat!

Oku: Now you've shown your true colors.

I won't be removing those tacks.

Yosh: Tacks? I can't see, but I appear  to be on the post right now.

Yosh: I've got a great idea!

Yosh: Your tacks helped me come up with a Tr*mp card to get out of here!

Yosh: It's easy! It's all thanks to you!

Yosh: Well, see ya!

Josu: Wha...

Oku: Hey, ...

What was that sound? What did you do?

Oku: Say something, !

Koi: O-Okuyasu, this isn't good!  I think he might have run away!

Koi: Jotaro! H-He got away!

Oku: I-It's my fault. H-He used  the tacks and did something!

Yosh: You've been fooled, you moron!

Yosh: Looks like I've won the battle of wits.

Oku: What?!

Josu: Th-This is...

Josu: What's this doing here?

Josu: It can't be!

Josu: It's the bow and arrow...  But we retrieved them...

Josu: The bow and arrow should be in safekeeping  at the Speedwagon Foundation...

Josu: Is there another set?

Jojo: Josuke, be careful! Kira's father escaped!

Josu: What?!

Yosh: This arrow drew Deadly Queen out of Yoshikage!

Yosh: The arrow is the important part!

Yosh: I'll never let you have it!

Josu: R-Reverb, Koichi! Use Act   to go after it!

Koi: I-It's too far away!

Josu: Seriously?

The thing that Kira's father didn't want  us to find was the bow and arrow!

Oku: D-! It's all my fault!

Jojo: No, Okuyasu. He was just a stronger opponent.

Jojo: You can tell that Kira is definitely his son.

Jojo: We've lost to that family's determination

to never give up, and to survive, no matter what.

Yosh: As long as they don't get  this arrow, that's good enough.

Yosh: I'm going to use this to  make more enemies for you!

Jojo: The bow and arrow, huh... I see.

Jojo: I thought there might be more than one set.

Jojo: Now I know exactly how DIO and the others

were able to gather so many Stand  users in such a short amount of time.

Jojo: They created more of them around the world

with a number of those bows and arrows.

Jojo: I'm assuming Kira's father got this set  from an old woman named Enyaba,

Jojo: and eventually, Okuyasu's brother, Keicho,

also got hold of one, and came to this town.

Jojo: Because Stand users attract  other Stand users, apparently.

Yosh: Yoshikage, where are you right now?

Yosh: You never could help but k*ll women,  even when you were a boy.

Yosh: But if that's what brings you  happiness, I'll protect you.

Yosh: Because...

Yosh: You're my one and only son.

Kosaku_Kawajiri_,Sign: {Kosaku Kawajiri Shinobu Hayato

Shin: What's gotten into you?  You're actually cooking?

Shin: I-I mean, I didn't know you even knew how.

Shin: Two plates? This one's for me?

Shin: You're telling me to eat your cooking?

How stupid are you?

Shin: Hey! Cut your nails later!

Shin: And didn't you cut them last night?

They must grow fast...

Shin: Oh... Th-This is actually really good...

Heart_Father,Signtop: H

Heart_Father,Signtop: He

Heart_Father,Signtop: Hea

Heart_Father,Signtop: Hear

Heart_Father,Signtop: Heart

Heart_Father,Signtop: Heart F

Heart_Father,Signtop: Heart Fa

Heart_Father,Signtop: Heart Fat

Heart_Father,Signtop: Heart Fath

Heart_Father,Signtop: Heart Fathe

Heart_Father,Signtop: Heart Father

Okuyasu_Nijimura,Signbot: Yoshi

Okuyasu_Nijimura,Signbot: Yoshihiro

Okuyasu_Nijimura,Signbot: Yoshihiro Ki

Okuyasu_Nijimura,Signbot: Yoshihiro Kira

Shin: Kitty!

Shin: Why?

Were you crying all night at the top of  that tree because you couldn't get in?

Shin: Hey! What gives you the right to  shut the window near the tree?!

Shin: I've told you day after day not to shut it!

Shin: What's wrong, kitty?  Why are you so worked up?

Kosa: Cats hate water.

Kosa: I'm sorry about that.  I shut the window without thinking.

Kosa: I won't do it again.

Shin: Something's wrong. He's changed somehow.

Shin: He started cooking out  of the blue last night,

Shin: and he's using an actual blade rather  than an electric razor to shave.

Shin: Blades always give him razor burn...

Guy: Hey, you haven't paid your  rent from last month.

Guy: It's now    ,    yen including this month's.

Guy: Pay up right now!

Koa: Rent?

Shin: You heard him. Hurry up and  bring it from the safe.

Kosa: Safe?

Shin: Hurry! You're the only one who  knows the combination to the safe!

Shin: Hey, what are you...

Kosa: Thank you for coming so  early in the morning, sir.

Kosa: But I seem to be a bit  short on cash right now.

Guy: Huh?

Guy: Quit screwing around!

Guy: You got in over your head when

you tried to rent my wonderful house  with your lousy income, you peon!

Guy: You need to learn to live within your means!

Shin: Um, we'll get it right away—

JoJo-overlap,Kosa: No. Please don't get the wrong idea.

Kosa: When I said I was a bit short, look.

I meant that I only had a  little over    ,    yen.

Kosa: I'll only be able to pay for this month,

last month, and the next  two months in advance.

Kosa: Will that suffice?

Guy: Y-Yes, that's plenty.

Guy: Thank you very much.

Guy: Pleasure doing business with you!

Shin: Y-You...

Shin: You must have stolen that  money from the landlord.

Shin: I don't know how you did it,

but you stole it from his bag, didn't you?

Shin: I'm sure in most cases,

people would fear him and  think that he's just a low-life...

Shin: But my husband's actions...  him stealing that...

Shin: For the first time,  after years of living with him,

Shin: I think he's so romantic...
Dad: The old woman in Egypt, Enyaba, told me

Dad: to sh**t the arrow at those it desires.

Dad: They will become allies.

Dad: Those sh*t with the arrow

Dad: will be able to bring out just one special power hidden in their heats.

Dad: I believe she called them Stands.

Dad: Jotaro Kujo and the others...

Dad: If there are others in Morioh  who are after my Yoshikage,

Dad: then I need to make more  Stand users, more allies.

Dad: Now, arrow! Who do you want?

Dad: Choose! Choose them!

Pull,Sfx: Pull

Dad: A telephone pole?

Dad: How is the telephone pole relev—

Dad: Could it be... you want that child?

Dad: Are you saying that child will be my ally?

Dad: V-Very well.

Dad: I just have to sh**t that child, right?

JoJo-MainTitle,: JoJo's Bizarre Adventure

JoJo-MainTitle ,: Diamond is Unbreakable

JoJo-MainTitle ,Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

JoJo-MainTitle ,Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable

JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episode         Janken Boy Is Coming!

Joseph: Well, if it isn't the manga artist, Rohan Kishibe.

Roha: Good morning, Mr. Joestar.

Jose: What are you sh**ting here?

Roha: I was sneaking some photos of  businessmen heading to work.

Roha: If Yoshikage Kira switched places  with someone at Salon Cinderella,

Roha: he should be going to work every  day, just like that person did.

Jose: Going to work...

Oha: Knowing he's a man between  the ages of    and   

Roha: who's around     centimeters  tall and an office worker

narrows it down quite a bit.

Jose: I see...

Jose: But you can't be sure that he uses the station.

Jose: He might drive to work in a car.

Roha: That is possible.

Roha: But he only changed his face.

I don't think it's possible to change  completely into someone else.

Roha: I'm pretty sure that the family of  one of these men is already

starting to think he's acting bizarre.

Roha: What worries me is that,  if the family finds Kira out,

there's a possibility Kira will  get rid of that family.

Roha: I'm not trying to preach justice or anything,

but I just want to find  Kira before that happens.

Ken: Hey!

Ken: Mister, would you play janken with me?

Ken: Janken...

Ken: Hey, come on. It wouldn't  hurt to play, would it?

Roha: What's with this kid?

Ken: Janken...

Roha: There's always at least one  weirdo at any station.

Roha: Anyway, if you find any clues,  please let me know, Mr. Joestar.

Jose: And you make sure you don't meddle  in anything dangerous alone.

Ken: Hey, Mister. You're the  manga artist guy, right?

Ken: Didn't your series take a break not long ago?

Ken: I read Shonen Jump weekly.

Ken: So come on. It wouldn't  hurt to play janken with me.

Rohan: What's with you? b*at it!

Ken: I wanna play janken. Come on, please?

Roha: What's with this kid? He has a hole in his cheek!

Roha: I-It's deep.

JoJo-overlap,Ken: Hey, come on! Hey, hey!

Does it go all the way into his mouth?

Ken: No hard feelings if you lose.

Ken: If we tie, we play again.  If you sh**t too late, you lose.

Ken: Got it? Ready, and...

Ken: Janken...

Roha: This brat is being oddly persistent.

Roha: Is he a Stand user?

Ken: Ready, and... Janken...

Roha: Heaven's Door!

Roha: Hmph.

Roha: Let's see...

Roha: His name is Ken Oyanagi, and he's eleven.

Roha: There's nothing about a Stand written here...

Roha: And it says the hole in his cheek was  from falling off a telephone pole.

Sign: Loves "janken." Really wants to play "janken." Plays "scissors" first.

Roha: It looks like this kid really wants to play janken.

Roha: It's stupid, but...

Taxi: Hey, guys. Are you getting in or not?

Roha: Would you mind waiting about    seconds?

Ken: Here we go.

Roha: Yeah, all right. You just  want me to play, right?

Ken: Janken... hoi!

Roha: Well, see ya.

Ken: I... I lost...

Roha: I guess that's enough work for today.

Oku: Yo, Rohan-sensei.

Josu: Are you done with work already?

Why don't you sit down and chat for a bit?

Roha: It's Josuke, the idiot Okuyasu...

And the moody Yukako.

Roha: All people with whom I have  nothing to talk about.

Roha: Sorry, but I'm still working. Some other time.

Josu: I see...

Roha: Hey, what are you doing? That's my seat.

Ken: You haven't sat down yet, have you?

Ken: This seat was empty, so I sat down.

Ken: Whoops.

Roha: What's with you? Why do you keep bugging me?

Ken: Let's use janken to decide who gets the seat. Okay?

Roha: Again?!

Ken: No! I sat here first!

Ken: This seat belongs to me!

JoJo-overlap,Guy: Sir...

Roha: Hang on...

Oku: Rohan-sensei, just let him have it.

He's just a kid.

Josu: Don't make him cry.  That's pretty immature of you.

Yuka: Why don't you sit next to him?

Roha: Shut up! All of you, shut you mouths!

Roha: Fine! I'll play janken!

Roha: Janken's what you want, right?

Ken: That's the spirit! H-Here we go!

Ken: Janken... hoi!

Roha: Oh? Y-Yes, I won!

Roha: Take that!

I've never been so happy to  win at janken in my life.

Both: So immature...

Roha: No, winning against a brat  is the best feeling there is.

Ken: D-!

Roha: I can use this as reference material.

Who knew a book on such a minor  subject was being sold in Morioh?

Roha:  ,    yen, huh...

Roha: Do I have that much on me?

Ken: Excuse me, can I get this book?

Roha: Why, you little...

Ken: Wanna decide with janken?

Roha: Fine!

Ken: Here we go! Janken...

Rohan: Rock!

Roha: Stop messing around!

Ken: I won. See?

Ken: I finally won!

Ken: One win, two losses!

Roha: What is this?!

Roha: Wh—

Roha: What?!

Roha: I-Impossible! Th-The hole...

Roha: Could he be a Stand user?!

Roha: What?!

Ken: S-So cool!

Ken: I didn't know something  so cool would come out!

Ken: Beautiful and magnificent  energy is flowing into me!

Ken: I'm feeling better!

Roha: H-Heaven's Door!

Roha: Make this kid into a book!

Open,Sfx: Open

Sign: Cannot att*ck Rohan Kishibe.

Roha: This kid...

Roha: seemed to be bringing out his  own Stand for the first time.

Roha: Could he be on his way to becoming a Stand user?

Roha: Hmph. "I want to b*at the crap  out of Rohan with janken," huh?

Roha: "Janken is not about probability.

Roha: It's all mental, dependent on  how much you want to win.

Roha: b*ating Rohan at janken means  you've beaten him mentally.

Roha: Rohan Kishibe is only    years old,  and he's already facing the world alone.

Roha: Not to mention, he's awed  many people with his works.

Roha: If I b*at the crap out of someone so widely  admired, it means I'd surpass them.

Roha: I want to grow up to be someone  people admire, just like Rohan."

Roha: So this kid really is on his way  to becoming a Stand user!

Roha: He must have only just been hit by the arrow.

Roha: "Ability... When I b*at my opponent  in janken, their energy becomes mine.

Roha: However, we have to play five times.

Roha: If I don't win three times, I can't take all of it."

Play five times?

Sign: Cannot att*ck Rohan Kishibe.

Sign: att*ck Rohan Kishibe.

Sign: att*ck Rohan Kishibe.

Sign: Can att*ck Rohan Kishibe.

Roha: Wh-What?

Ken: That's so cool. So this  ability is called a "Stand"?

Ken: You may have thought you got away,

Ken: but I've already absorbed  one third of your Stand.

Roha: I-Its right arm is missing!

Ken: I can move one third of Heaven's Door!

Ken: I won't let you read my mind anymore.

Roha: You brat...

Ken: If I win two more times,  all of your ability will be mine!

Roha: You brat! Who do you think you are?!

Ken: You had some nerve to hit  me with your fist earlier.

Ken: That's payback, you moron!

Roha: It appears that in order to get  Heaven's Door's right arm back,

I'll have to win at janken...

Roha: Very well.

Ken: Good!

_Matches,Sign:   Matches

First_Match,Sign: Match  

Second_Match,Sign: Match  

Third_Match,Sign: Match  

Fourth_Match,Sign: Match  

Fifth_Match,Sign: Match  

Heaven_s_Door,Signtop: He

Heaven_s_Door,Signtop: Heav

Heaven_s_Door,Signtop: Heaven

Heaven_s_Door,Signtop: Heaven's

Heaven_s_Door,Signtop: Heaven's Do

Heaven_s_Door,Signtop: Heaven's Doo

Heaven_s_Door,Signtop: Heaven's Door

Rohan_Kishibe,Signbot: Ro

Rohan_Kishibe,Signbot: Rohan

Rohan_Kishibe,Signbot: Rohan Kishi

Rohan_Kishibe,Signbot: Rohan Kishibe

Roha: Do you understand the situation you're in?

Roha: You can't lose again.

Roha: Do you understand that you're cornered?

Roha: Now that I know you're a Stand user,  I won't hold back anymore!

Roha: As soon as I get back my right arm,

Roha: I'm going to knock you out.

You know that, don't you?

Ken: Are you trying to pressure me?

Roha: All right, let's do this.

Ken: No, we're not doing that yet.

Ken: Since I just won using paper,

I would usually go with rock or scissors next,

Ken: but I think that might be childish.

Ken: But you don't seem that  simple-minded, Rohan-sensei,

Ken: so I was thinking about turning that around and going with paper.

Ken: All right, I've got it.

Ken: Here we go!

Ken: Janken... hoi!

Roha: What?!

Ken: I did it! I forced my hand against  Rohan mentally, and won with paper!

Rohan,Sign: Rohan

Ken,Sign: Ken

_Matches,Sign:   Matches

Ken: Now I've got two wins and two losses.

Ken: Now, then...

Ken: I took your lower half.

Ken: If you're tired, should we  head over to the bench?

Roha: No, there's no need.

Roha: When you win, it's best to be

Roha: looking down on your opponent just like this.

Ken: I've got two wins and two losses,

which means we're both on the edge.

Ken: But you know, I really don't feel  like I'm going to lose now.

Ken: After I lost twice at first,  I won twice in a row.

Ken: You're the opposite, Rohan-sensei.  You've lost twice in a row.

Ken: You're currently on the  downhill slope in this match!

Dad: This is amazing!

Dad: No wonder the arrow picked this kid!

Dad: If this kid is able to obtain  Rohan Kishibe's ability

to read minds, we'll be invincible!

Dad: It'll help out my Yoshikage.

Roha: You brat...

It seems you've gotten better  at pressuring your opponent.

Ken: It's the truth that you've lost twice in a row.

Roha: The truth, huh... Indeed.

Roha: In that case, let me give  you a dose of truth, as well.

Roha: In our next match, you will  definitely not use paper.

Ken: I'm not so sure about that.

Roha: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hold it.

Roha: I used rock twice in a row and lost.

Roha: Which means that rock is the  unluckiest choice for me.

Am I wrong?

Roha: It's only natural that I wouldn't be able  to use the unlucky rock a third time.

Roha: Since you said I was on a downhill slope,

you won't be able to use paper.

Roha: If you use paper, it's like admitting  that I am actually not going downhill.

Ken: I'll force my hand and b*at you!

Ken: Let's go, Rohan Kishibe!

Ken: It's on!

Ken: Jan...

Rohan: ...ken...

Both: ...hoi!

Roha: After all that pressure, he still used paper.

His mental strength is remarkable.

Ken: There's no way I'll lose!

I definitely still have the  upper hand in this match!

Ken: I'll use paper four times in a row! I'm gonna force my hand!

Roha: All right! Rock! I'll get the  unlucky rock on my side!

Ken: One more...

Roha: Th-The strength in my knees...

Ken: What? He's using a different  form than before!

Ken: The only one Rohan hasn't  used yet is scissors...

Ken: Crap... Going with paper again is dangerous!

Ken: Crap!

Roha: I guess rock wasn't unlucky after all!

Dad:  that Rohan!

Dad: Th-That's...

Ken: Hey, Mister!

Ken: Hey, Rohan-sensei. Those two are  probably Stand users, too, right?

Ken: They are, right? I can feel it.

Ken: Let's test my luck.

If I'm out of luck,  those two will come over here.

Ken: If I'm protected by strong luck,  they definitely won't come over here.

Josu: Hey, that's Rohan.

Ken: Hey! Hey!

Josu: I really hate that guy.

Let's just smile and walk away.

Jose: Hmm... Well, hmm...

Menacing,Sfx: Menacing

Jose: That child...

Menacing,Sfx: Menacing

Jose: I do believe he's...

Jose: a fan of his.

Jose: See you later.

Josu: See ya.

Ken: It looks like strong luck is on my side, Rohan-sensei.

Ken: I feel like there's no way I can lose right now,

Ken: because I'm protected by strong luck!

Ken: Right now, I feel like I could  survive Russian roulette

with five out of six b*ll*ts in the chamber!

Crash,Sfx: Crash

Ken: It's a shower of glass!

Ken: Now, let's have our final match  to see who'll win, Rohan-sensei!

Ken: What are you doing?

Hurry up and get into your janken pose.

Roha: You're the one who needs to  hurry up and get started.

Roha: I'm going to go with this.

Ken: Stop messing around.

Roha: No, I'm dead serious.

Roha: You said you were going to surpass me,

but since I've lived nine years longer  than you, I'll let you in on something...

Roha: It's not very hard to make others lose.

Roha: The most difficult thing is...  Listen carefully, now...

Roha: The most difficult thing is

Roha: to surpass yourself!

Roha: I'm now going to surpass my own luck!

Ken: Let's go, Rohan!

Ken: It's on!

Ken: Janken hoi!

Ken: Yes! How's that, Rohan Kishibe?!

Ken: Wh-What?

Ken: What?!

JoJo-overlap,Dad: Huh?

Ken: Wh-What the?

Ken: Why is my hand shaped as rock?!

Roha: Now I have three wins and two losses.

Roha: You have the unlucky rock.

Roha: Strong luck came to me a moment ago,  along with Joseph Joestar.

Roha: The Invisible Baby.

Both: Huh?!

Will_save_Rohan_,Sign: Will save Rohan when he's in danger.  Will become invisible and make the kid's hand into "rock."

Both: You only relied on your strong  luck, and I changed my luck.

Roha: That's what it means to surpass yourself.

Boom_,Sfx: Boom

Roha: Now, then. I'm going to knock  you out now, as I promised.

Roha: I'll write,

Roha: "You'll never be able to win at janken again.

Your Stand will be destroyed."

Ken: Sh-Shut up!

Ken: Stay away from me, Rohan!

Ken: O-Otherwise, this baby's gonna...

Roha: Do you understand what you're doing?

Ken: Hmph! Right now, our match  is a verbal argument!

Ken: You haven't really won against me!

Ken: You won because you cheated, you coward!

Roha: Let the baby go.

Ken: Fight me one more time!

Then I won't do anything to this baby.

Roha: And I'm telling you to let the baby go.

Roha: I'll fight you.

Ken: I'll make you lose! Janken, hoi! Hoi! Hoi!

Ken: I-I-I can't win!

Dad: D-! I made you into a  Stand user and you still lost!

Dad: See ya!

Roha: You won't die.

I'm just going to destroy your Stand.

Ken: If...

Ken: If I have to obey what you write...

Ken: If I'm going to be mentally controlled by you...

Ken: I'd rather die like this!

Ken: Take that, Rohan Kishibe!

Pfft_,Sfx: Pfft

Roha: Nice. I like you, kid.

Roha: I feel moved when I see people who are...

Dash,Sfx: Dash

Roha: dramatic like you!

Ken: Wha?!

Ken: Y-You'll be run over, too!

Roha: You think so?

Dad: What the? Th-The wind!

Tax: Whoa, what is this picture?!

Taxi: I-I can't see in front of me!

Ken: I-It avoided us and drove by?

Ken: Y-You could have d*ed, too,  but you did that for me...

Ken: Was it strong luck?

Roha: You've become quite impressive  in such a short time.

Roha: I won't knock you out.

Roha: However, don't use that  Stand for evil anymore.

Dad: I carelessly bumped into it, !

Ken: I lost. I've completely lost.

Jose: Hey, Rohan!

Jose: D-Did you see the baby?

Josu: She's missing, Sensei!

Jose: N-No, it might be that we just can't see her.

Roha: C-Crap...

She's gone.

Josu: Hey, where are you?

Roha: I'll just pretend I don't know  and look with them...

Roha: Wh-Where did you go? Where are you?

Nar: Janken Kid. Real name: Ken Oyanagi.

Roha: Hey!

Nar: Stand name: Boys Man Man.

Nar: Unable to fight.

Nar: For some reason, the hole  in his cheek is still there.
Dad: Arrow, where are you headed?

Dad: We're going to sh**t him, too?

Dad: That young man will be the  sixth new Stand user...

Dad: But that should be plenty.

Dad: I'll be able to k*ll anyone who tries  to get near my son, Yoshikage!

Dad: What?!

Guy: Ow.

Dad: Wh-What's the meaning of this?

Dad: The arrow chose him, but it was deflected.

JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

JoJo-MainTitle ,Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable

JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episode         I'm an Alien

Guy: That's all the information  we were able to gather.

Sgn: Profile Yoshikage Kira

Guy: It appears he's done a good job of disposing  of all evidence of his crimes up to now.

Jojo: Yoshikage Kira...

What do you look like now,  and what is your name?

Jojo: Where are you?

Guy: Summer...

Guy: There are many more tourists around town now.

Jojo: Yeah...

Jojo: I doubt that he'll be able to stay put.

Jojo: I'm sure he won't be able  to resist making a move.

Radio: The summer season is finally upon us.

Radio: On July  st, the beach and rivers in  Morioh were opened to the public.

Radio: There are hordes of tourists  from the capital and S City,

: making the town even livelier.

Radio: Relaxing at a summer villa,  camping, fishing, yachting...

Radio: There are many fun activities  to find here this time of year!

Radi: How are you all going  to enjoy your summer?

Nar: Yes, many fun things...

Nar: I'm sure he has

Nar: many fun things to do, too.

Kira: People live while hiding what's  deep in their hearts from others.

Kira: But...

Kira: Is there anyone who has

been able to hide their true  self from others forever?

Kira: !

I want to show that woman  the true Yoshikage Kira.

Kira: I want her to hear how  I feel deep down inside...

Kira: That I want to take your  slender neck into these hands

Kira: and strangle you to death.

Kira: When my nails are growing,  I become unable to suppress my urges.

Kira: I just need to be patient until it subsides.

Kira: I'm still not able to perfectly mimic his handwriting.

Sign: Kosaku Kawajiri

Sign: Kosaku

Kiar: Josuke Higashikata... Jotaro Kujo...

Kira: It's because of them that I'm in this mess.

Shin: Um...

Shin: Uh... What... are you doing?

Shin: O-Of course. It should be obvious.

Shin: You were reading a book.

Shin: Um, I poured some tea for you.

Shin: I know you probably think that's rare,

Shin: b-but if you'd like some...

Shin: If you don't want it, that's fine, too...

Shin: Oh, look at the time.

Shin: I think I'll go to bed...

Kira: Open up your heart to that woman.

Kira: Show her your true self,

Kra: Yoshikage Kira.

Shin: D-Darling?

Kira: Crap. Opening up is a bad idea.

They'll find out.

Kira: I'm sorry I startled you.

Shin: H-He was trying to undo  the buttons in the back?

Shin: "I'm sorry I startled you"?

Shin: Not at all! All of your actions lately

Shin: have been exciting me to no end!

Shin: And they make me feel thrilled! I...

Shin: I've fallen

Shin: in love with you.

Oku: J-Josuke, l-look over there.

Josu: What the heck is—

Oku: Is this... Could this be...

Oku: T-Terri Funk—

Josu: It's a crop circle!

Oku: Yeah! A crop circle!

Oku: Th-That's amazing!

I can't believe one of these  showed up in a field in Morioh!

Josu: Something's not right, Okuyasu.

Josu: Take a closer look at the middle of that thing.

Josu: Something's really wrong here!

Ku: You're gonna go in?

Josu: We don't have a choice!

Oku: Be careful.

Josu: Yeah.

Oku: I-Is he alive?

Josu: He's got a scratch on the back of his neck,

but I think he's just unconscious.

Josu: Hey, wake up. Are you all right? Hey!

Oku: I've never seen him at our school.

Oku: Oh, looks like he's awake.

Miki: Where...

Miki: Where am I?

Oku: Where?

Oku: You're right in the middle of  a field in Budogaoka, Morioh.

Miki: Is this Earth?

Miki: Last night, I suddenly felt ill.

Miki: I then lost consciousness, it would seem.

Miki: It's past eight, so I was unconscious  for thirteen Earth hours.

Oku: He totally tried to pull one over us!

Josu: ! I can't believe you tried  to pull such an elaborate prank!

Josu: Man, you sure got me!

Josu: You're a really funny guy!

Josu: So you made a crop circle and waited

under the grass until someone came by?

Josu: Amazing! That's amazing!

Oku: I can't breathe! My stomach hurts!

medicine,: Stomach Medicine

Josu: That's so stupid!

Josu: What school do you go to?

JoJo-overlap,Miki: School?

Oku: We love guys like you!

Miki: My planet is in the Magellanic Clouds, but it has been destroyed.

Miki: I came to Earth to find out

Miki: if it's a suitable place to live,  and if the people are nice.

Josu: That's enough of that.  If you take the joke too far,

Josu: you're going to ruin your own brilliant idea.

Josu: Here, have a tissue.

Miki: Thank you. That was quite delicious.

Oku: W-We should really get to school.

Josu: Y-Yeah, you're right.

Josu: Let's go.

Oku: That guy ate the tissue.

Josu: He's a guy who takes jokes too far.

Oku: The ice cream shop's closed!

Oku: And it's our only comfort on Monday mornings...

Josu: It can't be helped.

Josu: Let's give up for today.

Miki: Would you like some ice cream?

Miki: Well? Do you want some?

Oku: Yeah, but the shop's closed,  so there's nothing we can do.

Miki: There's no reason for you to give up.

Miki: I just happen to have two.

Miki: We can call it a trade for the tissue earlier.

Miki: Earth seems like a very nice place to live.

Oku: It's cold...

Oku: Wh-Why did you have  ice cream cones in your bag?

Miki: Are those ice cream cones not good enough?

Oku: That's not what I'm asking!  Who are you?

Miki: I believe I told you that moments ago...

Miki: Ah! You want to hear me introduce myself?

It must have slipped my mind.

Miki: My name is Nu Mikitakazo Nshi.

Miki: I am     years old.

My occupation is a spaceship pilot.

Miki: My hobby is having pets.

Miki: I'm even currently carrying  a house mouse in my bag.

Miki: It is very happy when I pet its back.

Oku: This guy's a Stand user.  There's no doubt about it.

Oku: Let's kick his ass, Josuke!

Josu: Calm down, Okuyasu.

Josu: Do you really think a Stand user

would say that he's from  the Magellanic Clouds?

Oku: Th-Then what is with him?

Oku: There, there, there.

Josu: I have no idea.

We're gonna have to investigate.

Don't eat that ice cream.

Oku: Huh?!

Oku: So you're    , you say?

Miki: Yes.

Oku: Hmm...

JoJo-overlap,Miki: Hmm...

Oku: And your occupation is a spaceship pilot?

Oku: Why do you keep copying me?

Josu: So, what?

Josu: Are you trying to say that you're an alien?

Miki: An alien!

Miki: An alien! Yes!

I should have used that word to begin with.

Miki: I'm an alien.

Oku: Hey, hey, hey, hey...

Josu: Then, like, your... flying saucer?

Josu: Could you call over your spaceship?

You can, right?

Mii: Of course.

Miki: But, sadly, as it is currently on standby  in space,  ,   ,    kilometers away,

Miki: it would take about three days.

Miki: I can't bring it immediately.

Josu: Are you going to call it  with that watch of yours?

Miki: Oh, how did you know?

Miki: But this is a secret between us.

Please don't tell anyone of this.

Oku: This guy is totally messed up in the head.

Oku: He wasn't joking earlier at all.

Oku: He's a delusional, crazy villain.

Oku: Should I punch him?

Josu: You always want to throw punches first.

Josu: Let's take it a bit further, just to be sure.

Josu: Do you have, like, a ray g*n and, like,

an ultra hyper anti-gravity  device in your bag?

Miki: Of course I do.

Miki: But I didn't come to Earth to fight,  so I left them in my spaceship.

Oku: Aw, come on. If you're an  alien, show us something.

Oku: And your blood wasn't even green.

Josu: Yeah. Alien blood is always green.

Miki: Do you two doubt me?

Josu: Hey, calm down.

Oku: You finally got it? You moron!

Oku: I don't mind going along with pranks,

Oku: but I don't have time to deal  with delusional freaks like you.

Josu: You didn't have to just come out and say that!

Oku: Shut up! It's better to be up-front!

Oku: What? Is there a fire somewhere?

Josu: Wh-What?

Miki: This sound... I don't like this sound.

Miki: This sound...

Miki: Stop this sound!

Miki: I don't like this sound!

Miki: I'm allergic to it!

Miki: Make it stop!

Oku: Josuke, this guy's dangerous!

Let's go. We shouldn't mess with him.

Josu: But don't you think

Josu: leaving him like that is a bit cruel?

Oku: He said he's allergic to that sound,  right? Just leave him be.

Oku: I'm leaving, Josuke.

Josu: H-Hey!

Josu:  it, Okuyasu.

Josu: H-Hey, you okay?

Miki: No... Please,

Miki: take me somewhere I can't hear this sound...

Josu: Wh-What?!

Miki: Please take me away!

Josu: A-Are you actually...

Miki: I have a power that allows  me to turn into anything.

Miki: H-Hurry... I feel like my head  will split open amidst this sound...

Miki: Please...

Miki: I'll turn into sneakers, so please,  wear them and take me with you!

Miki: In return, I'll do anything for you!

Josu: Are you a Stand user?!

Josu: Whoa! Y-You're super fast!

Miki: With your powers plus my powers,

our speed and jumping strength are doubled.

Josu: Are you seriously an alien?!

Sign: T

Sign: Te

Sign: Ter

Sign: Terr

Sign: Terra

Sign: Terra V

Sign: Terra Ve

Sign: Terra Ven

Sign: Terra Vent

Sign: Terra Ventu

Sign: Terra Ventus

Mikitaka_Hazekur,Sign: Mi

Mikitaka_Hazekur,Sign: Miki

Mikitaka_Hazekur,Sign: Mikitaka

Mikitaka_Hazekur,Sign: Mikitaka Haze

Mikitaka_Hazekur,Sign: Mikitaka Hazekura

Josu: What?!

Josu: You...

Josu: You can't see this?

Josu: He can't see it!

Josu: He's not a Stand user.

Then what is this power?

Josu: Who are you?!

Miki: You're rather persistent, aren't you?

I told you earlier that I was an alien...

Josu: Hang on a sec.

Josu: L-Let me sort this out in my head.

Miki: Anyway, you saved me by  taking me away from that.

Mii: The people on my planet can't  stand the sound of sirens.

Miki: It's a wavelength that aggravates our nerves.

Miki: I'd like to do something for you  to thank you for saving me.

Miki: Shall I turn into a fan and fan you?

Miki: Or maybe a back scratcher  so I can scratch your back?

Josu: Whoa, it's not like I saved you because  I wanted something in return...

Josu: You'll really do anything?  Please! Do it! Thank you!

Shopping_Catalog,Sign: Shopping Catalog

Miki: What would you like me to do?

Josu: C-Can you turn into anything?

Josu: Like something light, or multiple  numbers of something?

Miki: Yes. I can turn into almost anything.

Miki: However, I cannot turn  into complicated machinery

or anything more powerful than me.

Josu: I see, I see. Got it. I like you!

Josu: So you're going to thank me, right?

Miki: Yes.

Josu: I-I...

Josu: just had a brilliant idea.

Josu: It's an idea that'll make everyone happy.

Miki: Happy?

Josu: Yeah!

Josu: See, I managed to make some  money from a lottery ticket,

Josu: but my mom found out and  froze the account I put it in.

Josu: Once she finds something like that,  there's no convincing her.

Josu: It sucks not having any  money for the summer season.

Sign: Shopping Catalog

Josu: And so...

Josu: Can you turn into this? This thing.

Miki: What is that?

Josu: They're dice!

Josu: I'll make some money using these,

then I'll split it with you,  and everyone will be happy!

Miki: What do you do with those?

Josu: Huh? You don't know what dice are?

Miki: I-I'm sorry...

Josu: You don't have to apologize.

Josu: It's really easy. I'll show you.

Josu: These are tools that people  who like games really love.

Josu: They're hard, and they have six sides.

Josu: This divot represents the number one,  and it has them from one through six.

Miki: Ah, yes. I think I'm starting to understand.

Miki: So when there are five divots,  it's the number five, right?

Josu: Well done, alien!

Miki: And three divots represent a three.

JoJo-overlap,Josu: Yes! Try turning into one.

Miki: Understood.

Miki: That was simple.

Josu: What are you talking about?  You're way too big.

Josu: You're only supposed to be about this big.

Also, you've got five on two sides.

Josu: The numbers on a die are from one through six.

Josu: The numbers on one side and its  opposite side should equal seven.

Miki: Oh, pardon me.

Miki: How about this?

Miki: Th-That tickles!

Josu: Hey, don't laugh. Dice don't talk.

Miki: Huh?

Josu: Come on.

Miki: I-I'll do my best.

Josu: I'm a bit nervous about this, but...

Josu: Yes, you're good! Very good! This is perfect!

Josu: I'm getting excited!

Josu: Rohan Kishibe, I hope you have  some money waiting for me!

Mki: I-I can't breathe...

Roha: Oh, look who it is.

Roha: What does Josuke Higashikata want with me?

Roha: This is a rare occurrence.

Roha: Did you get more information concerning Kira?

Josu: No, not exactly...

Josu: Um, well...

Josu: Are you done with work today?

Josu: I was wondering if I could have  a peek at your next chapter...

Roha: What are you plotting?

Just spit it out.

Josu: D-...

Josu: I can't hide anything from you, Rohan-sensei.

Josu: All right, I'll tell you the truth.

Josu: Please! Play Cee-lo with me!

Roha: Cee-lo?

Josu: To be perfectly honest,

Josu: I have no spending money for the summer.

Josu: Well, I have   ,    yen.  It's my life savings.

Josu: But...

Josu: Nowadays,   ,    yen is gone  after you make one or two trips

to an amusement park and get some food.

Josu: So all that's left is to make  more money, or go flat broke.

Josu: Wagering on the thrill!

Isn't that what youth is all about?

Josu: That's what I think! Don't you agree?!

Roha: Look, I'll be straight with you.  I've always disliked you.

Roah: So why should I have to play Cee-lo with you?

Josu: Yeah, you're right.

Josu: I'm sure you're not hurting for spending money,

Josu: so you have no reason to play.

JoJo-overlap,Roah: But... All right.

Josu: Huh?! You'll do it?

Roha: I don't dislike games, and this seems fun.

Roha: Come around to the back.

Josu: Thank you, Rohan-sensei.

Sign: The sh**t rolls   dice into the bowl

Sign: This will result in paying double

Sign: This will result in winning double

Sign: The larger number wins (here, the  )

Roah: Do these rules work for you?

Josu: No arguments here.

Roha: Chips cost  ,    yen each.

Roha: And when you roll the  three dice into the bowl,

if even one spills out,  you lose then and there.

Josu: Got it.

Rha: All right. Let's tape the rules up here.

Josu: Okay, let's do this!

Roha: Wait.

Roha: We won't be using your dice.

Josu: Huh?!

Roah: We'll be playing with these  dice I had in the house.

Josu: U-Um, is there something wrong with my dice?

Roha: No idea. There's just something  that I don't like about them.

Roha: And...

Roha: I did say this seemed fun,  but I wasn't talking about Cee-lo.

Roha: I meant that it'd be fun taking  your   ,    yen from you.

Roha: When you lose, you'd better pay up for real.

Roha: It doesn't matter how well acquainted we are, Josuke-kun.

Josu: Yes! Those dice are the ones  that the alien turned into!

Josu: I snuck them into your house ahead of time!

Josu: I'm such a villain.

Josu: It won't be much, but I'll be making  some money off of you, Rohan-sensei.

Roha: Now, let's roll to see who goes first.

Roha: I rolled a four.

Josu: Yes!

Roha: All right, you go first. Go ahead and roll.

Miki: Ow!

Josu: O...

Josu: O-Ow! I accidentally hit the table.

Roha: Hurry up and bet and roll your dice.

Josu: R-Right...

Josu: I-I'll start off with two, I think,  so that'll be  ,    yen.

Roha: Okay, here's two.

Josu: If I roll a one, a two, and a three, I'll have to pay double,

Josu: so I really need to make sure  I don't get one, two, and three.

Josu: Better not get a one, two, and three!  Not a one, two, and three!

Josu: I-I'll go really lightly on the first roll.

Just to test the waters...

Josu: Here we go... Lightly.

Josu: How's that?!

Josu: Huh?!

Roha: What?

Josu: A-An omen...

Roha: What?

Nar: Triple sixes, AKA "omen."

Josuke wins five times what  he wagered from Rohan.

Josu: S-Stupid! You're not supposed  to start off with that!

Josu: E-Er, I mean...

Jsu: I meant that was some stupid luck!

Josu: A triple six, meaning you have  to pay five times my bet...

It almost seems like I'm cheating!

Roha: Hmph. It seems you've already earned    ,    yen in spending money.

Roha: Let's continue the game.

JoJo-overlap,Josu: I can't believe my luck myself...

It's my turn next.

Roha: I want to get back what I just lost, so I'm...

Roha: going with ten.

Josu: Ten?

Roah: All right! Go!

Nar: One, two, and three. The wager is doubled!

Sign: The sh**t rolls   dice into the bowl

Sign: This will result in paying double

Nar: Rohan has to pay Josuke double what he wagered.

Josu: This is too much! This is way too much!

Josu: Does that alien not know  what "holding back" means?

Josu: Crap... He's totally suspicious of me!
Roha: Don't touch those dice, Josuke Higashikata!

Roha: Don't move an inch.

Josu: What's he going to do?

Josu: If Rohan finds out that I've been  using that alien to cheat...

Josu: Knowing him,

Josu: just apologizing is definitely  not going to cut it.

Josu: What are you checking?

Roha: I could be imagining it, but I feel  like the dice are staring at me.

Dice: Gulp.

Dice: Ba-dum, ba-dum...

Roha: Hmph. Well, whatever.  Let's continue the game.

Sign: Rohan... Adds    New Chips

Josu: W-Well, then... I'll go easy and just bet two.

Josu: You get it now, right, Alien?

Josu: I need to just manage to win.

Josu: I just need to be a tiny bit ahead in the end.

Josu: All right, go!

Josu: H-He doesn't get it!

Roha: I guess what happens twice is  bound to happen a third time.

Roha: I suppose it's possible to roll this more than once.

Roha: An omen is worth five times the bet, yes?

Roha: I'll pay up.

That's what came up, so it can't be helped.

Josu: Right... I guess things that happen  twice can happen a third time.

Josu: Wh-Wh-Wha...

Josu: What are you doing?!

Roha: I'm not sure how, but I  know that you're cheating.

Roha: That's unforgivable...

It's unforgivable that I can't figure it out!

Josu: Dude, you're messed up in the head!

Roah: You're infuriating.

Up until now, I've held back  my anger toward you

for Mr. Joestar and Koichi's sakes,

Roha: but you are currently trying  to make a fool of me.

Roha: Just thinking about you laughing  deep down inside is unbearable.

Josu: Let me see your hand.  I'll have Shining Diamond fix it.

Roha: Shut up!

Roah: Do you know why I did that to my pinky?

Roha: So that you won't be able to forfeit  the game, Josuke Higashikata!

Roha: I won't let a doofus like you  underestimate the great Rohan!

Roha: We'll both just play one more time.

Roha: In that time, I swear I will  figure out how you're cheating.

Roha: If I am unable to determine  how you're cheating...

Roha: There's two million yen there.

Roha: I'll use that to ask you to fix  my pinky with Shining Diamond.

Roha: However, if I figure out how you're cheating,

Roha: I'm going to take your  pinky, Josuke Higashikata.

Tama: Hey, you two look like you're having fun.

Tama: Hey, it's me. Been a while, Josuke!

Tama: I was stuck in the hospital for a month.

Tama: I don't really remember how,

but apparently I hurt my head on the side of the road.

Josu: Tamami?

What are you doing here?

Roha: I called him earlier and asked  him to act as an official.

Josu: An official?

Tama: I'm Tamami Kobayashi.

Tama: I will make sure the contracted promise  is promptly and surely collected,

Tama: using this lock that attaches to your heart.

Tama: I will work fairly, no matter  who wins or who is involved.

Tama: I charge   %, or    ,    yen,  whichever sum is larger.

Tama: You will both play one more time

Tama: and see if you can figure out  the cheat or not, correct?

Roha: Yeah.

Josu: What?!

Roha: However, you can also get  out of this by not cheating,

Roha: so I will ensure that doesn't happen.

Roha: Should you win without cheating,

Roha: I will create a rule where Tamami's  lock will automatically att*ck you.

Josu: This really isn't good... But I have to do this!

Josu: I have to keep the cheat going to  the end and break through this!

Roha: Well, then... I'll go first.

Roha: How's that?!

Tama: A four!

Tama: A pair of three's and a four!

Josu: Yes! That throw ended up  being normal "naturally."

Now he won't find out.

Josu: I-It's my turn next, right?

Oha: Hmph. You look rather relieved.

Roha: It's as though something you  asked someone to do went well.

Josu: Don't get rattled. Rohan hasn't figured it out.

Josu: I'm just going to keep playing!

Josu: H-He threw up?!

Josu: C-Crap! He's getting dizzy!

Josu: It's because Rohan shook him around so much.

Rhoa: Josuke! Don't you dare hide  the dice with your hand.

Josu: Huh?

Roha: I can't see them.

You need to throw the dice so I can see them.

Tama: Huh? I wonder if there's a fire somewhere.

Josu: Wh-What? Sirens?!

Josu: Th-This guy's allergic to sirens.

Josu: Crap! He's going to turn back!

Roha: What are you doing? You're being suspicious!

Show me what's in your hand at once!

Josu: Sorry so sudden, but that was  a yell to get me hyped up!

Josu: I'll throw now!

Josu: Go! Do it!

Tama: It's a     omen!

Tama: The lock didn't move. Josuke is cheating!

Tama: Well? Did you figure it out, Rohan-sensei?

Tama: Or are you admitting defeat, Rohan-sensei?

Josu: Looks like the rash isn't  showing up on Rohan's side.

Josu: Please hang in there!

Tama: Did you figure it out or not?

Josu: I'm done for...

Tama: That's... I've got it!

Josu: He knows!

Tama: I've got it! The fire's here!

Roha: Huh?!

Tama: Rohan-sensei, your house is on fire!

Tama: It's the magnifying glass!

The magnifying glass caused the fire!

Tama: We were too busy with  the game to even notice!

Roha: Shut up! I don't care if my house is burning!

Roha: It's more important that I figure  out how Josuke is cheating!

Tama: What are you talking about?!

You have to get out of here,   and take your two million!

Josu: W-Well, I'll be going now...

Tama: Wait, Josuke!

Josu: But first, I'm going to fix your pinky.

Roha: No one asked you to do that!

Roha: Josuke, wait! You!

Josu: That was close... But I guess I have a way  of making people resent me, huh?

Josu: I had no idea.

Kimi: You seem down.

Kimi: Was I able to be of use to you?

Josu: Sh-Shut up, !

Sign: Rohan Kishibe's House:  ,   ,    yen in fire damage

Sign: Josuke:        Didn't really lose anything, . but managed to make Rohan's grudge toward him even deeper

Nar: Rohan Kishibe's house:   ,   ,    yen in fire damage.

Nar: Josuke: Didn't really lose anything,

JoJo-topinternal,: but managed to make Rohan's  grudge toward him even deeper.

Sign: Kawajiri Kosaku Shinobu Hayato

Dj: Now, all you drivers out there,  please be careful when driving.

Dj: It seems a motorcycle crashed at the  entrance of Futatsumori Tunnel yesterday,

Dj: and the young rider was badly injured.

Dj: Police later found out...

Haya: Lately, Mom's been acting strange.

Haya: She's been dressing up, she got new lipstick,

Haya: and she's in a good mood...

Haya: Did something happen?

Haya: It's been a while since Mom  got naked in front of Dad.

Haya: Am I a child that was born to parents who loved each other?

Haya: What's he doing?

Kira: Josuke Higashikata... Jotaro Kujo...

Kira: It's their fault I'm in this mess.

Mik: Oh, Josuke-san. Thank you for yesterday.

Josu: Where did you sleep and eat  after what happened yesterday?

Mom: Mikitaka! Mikitaka!

Mom: You need to stay right behind me!

Mom: We just moved here,  so there's a lot we must do.

Miki: All right, Mother. I'll be right there.

Josu: H-Huh?

Mom: Don't tell me you're pulling  jokes on people again

by telling them you're an alien.

Mm: If he said that to you,  please don't think anything of it.

Mom: At his last school in Tokyo,  people took it seriously,

and there was a lot of trouble.

Mom: Now, if you'll excuse us.

Josu: Huh? What?!

Miki: I brainwashed her into  thinking that I'm her son.

Miki: The name "Mikitaka Hazekura"  is the name I'm using on Earth.

See ya!

Mom: Mikitaka! Come here this instant!

Mikitaka_Hazekur,Sign: Mikitaka Hazekura...Alien or Stand User?!

H-Huh?

Huh?!

Dad: What was that?

Dad: What was with that brat?

Dad: Was he actually an alien?

Or was he a Stand user created  by this arrow when it hurt him?

Dad: The way he pulled Josuke and Rohan  Kishibe apart was very effective...

Dad: But!

Dad: Next time, the next Stand, Highway Go Go,

will defeat those who go after my son!

Roha: Why are you avoiding eye contact with me?

Rha: You should at least greet me.

Roha: After all, I am older than  you, Josuke Higashikata.

Josu: Sorry about yesterday.

Th-That fire must have been a lot of trouble.

Roha: Yes. Just like in the movie Pretty Woman,

about  ,   ,    yen worth  of furniture was b*rned.

Roha: Not that I care in the least.

Roha: What's wrong? Sit down.

Roha: Someday, I will pay you back  for yesterday's dice game.

Roha: What?

Roha: That was...

Roha: Josuke, did you see that?

Roha: There was a door to a house in the tunnel wall.

Roha: There's someone inside!

Roha: There's a window, too!

Roha: There's a room in the tunnel wall.

Roha: A room that someone lives in!

Roha: There's a man, too!

But I can't see either of their faces!

Roha: What is he doing?!

Roha: Josuke, did you see that?!

Josu: Shut up, Rohan Kishibe!

Josu: How long are you going  to try to mess with me?!

Roha: Can no one else see it?

Roha: Is that house... a new Stand user?

Roha: The man who cut off that woman's hand...

Could he be...

Roha: Yoshikage Kira?!

Sign: Morioh Landmark    "Futatsumori Tunnel"

Sign: Completed in year   of the Kaei  Period (    ). Fixed in year    of  the Showa Period.     meters in  length. Is on the road connecting  S City and Morioh. Because it is curved inside, the exit is not visible  from the entrance. As there is very  little light, there are many  accidents, and since is it rather  creepy, it's considered haunted  by young people.

Sign: Futatsumori Tunnel

Josu: There was a room inside the tunnel?!

Josu: You're not fooling me!

Josu: You want to get back at me by  telling me a stupid lie like that?

Roha: You don't believe me, Josuke Higashikata?

Roha: A liar like you who cheats with dice...

Roha: A liar like you who always does  something different from what he says,

Roha: has the nerve to call me a liar?

Roha: It appears we truly do not get along.

Roha: I guess you wouldn't understand,  even if you went back there with me.

Roha: All right, let's go.

Roha: That's the exit.

Roha: There was nothing there.

Roha: There was nothing here but a wall.

Rha: Maybe it really was an illusion.

Roha: What?!

Sfx: Crash

Roha: Th-This is...

Roha: Th-The room I saw from the bus.

Roha: It appeared out of nowhere!

Roha: Though the man and woman  I saw earlier aren't here.

Roha: Crap! Something's there!

Roha: So this room was a trap after all!

Roha: It's coming... Something's there!

Roha: I can't see it, but something's coming at me!

Roha: Something came toward me.

Roha: I couldn't see it, but it came right toward me.

Roha: It was something not human.

Roha: That room was a trap.

Roha: The man that resembled  Kira was also an illusion.

Roha: Now I know that room is a Stand.

Roha: I can't handle it alone.  Should I tell Mr. Joestar about it?

Roha: What? It's chasing after me!

Roha: What is that?!

Roha: These... These things that  look like footprints...

Roha: Are they the Stand?

Roha:   km/h!

Roha: I managed to get away.

Roha: Apparently if I go faster than    km/h, it can't keep up.

Roha: Is it being remotely controlled?

Roha: What?!

Roha: Crap! It caught up to me!

Roha: I only slowed down a little bit!

Roha: Th-This thing...

Roha: I'll turn it into a book and control it!

Roha: Heaven's Door!

Roha: Crap... It's sucking out my power...

Josu: I know I just said that I never  wanted to see Rohan again,

Josu: but here I am.

Josu: I'm a liar who always does something  different from what he says.

Josu: What?!

Josu: W-Wait... C-Could this be...

Josu: Rohan's motorcycle? Only the motorcycle?!

Sfx: Smash

Roha: Th-That thing...

Star: Give me nutrients...  Give me your nutrients!

Roha: Heaven's Door!

Roh: The Stand's name is Highway Go Go.

Roha: That room was a trap.

Roha: When a curious passer-by enters that room,

it'll go any distance to chase them down,

like a hunting dog on a scent,  then it sucks out their nutrients.

Roha: Once one is touched by  Highway Go Go, its weak spot...

Roha: Its weak spot...

Roha: d-doesn't exist?!

Roha: I-It's no use... I don't have any strength.

Roha: I can't read any more.

I-I'm losing more and more power...

Oha: I can't even write an order on him...

Roha: I can't...

Josu: Rohan!

Jou: Hey, are you here, Rohan?!

Roha: Josuke... I can't believe you came back...

Star: A comrade...

Star: Your name is Rohan?

Josu: Hey, Rohan! Answer me! Where are you?

Josu: Rohan!

Josu: Th-That's...

Josu: R-Rohan?!

Star: Go on, Rohan... Ask him to save you.

Josu: What is that room?

JoJo-overlap,Star: Call out for help.

Josu: Are you all right?!

Star: I've left just a bit of your nutrients in you.

Star: If you ask him for help,  I'll spare your life.

Star: Because I'll take his nutrients instead.

Star: Now... Help me lure him into this room.

Star: I'll spare your life. Hurry up and call him.

Josu: What is this room?

It almost looks as if someone lives in it!

Star: Hurry up and say it.

Look! He's suspicious,  so he won't come any closer.

Star: It's not like you two love each other, is it?

Star: I told you to ask him for help.

Star: Do you want to die?

Roha: I-If I lure him in here...

If I offer him up instead,

Roha: w-will you really...

Roha: spare my life?

Star: Yeah, I promise.

It'll be a give-and-take in  exchange for his nutrients.

Star: Call him. Hurry up and call him!

Roha: I refuse.

Star: What?!

Roha: One of my absolute favorite things to do

Roha: is to tell someone who  I think is strong, "no."

Roha: Run, Josuke!

Roha: If you come into this room,  you have no chance!

You'll be k*lled!

Star: You!

Josu: Do you really think I'd run away

because someone told me to run away?

Josu: I'll kick his ass.

Josu: Where is he?

Where's the villain hiding?

Roha: H—

How can you do this, Josuke Higashikata?

Roha: I even told you of the danger...

Roha: You always do the opposite  of what I think you'll do.

Roha: And that's why I hate you.

Rorha: That's why you piss me off!  You're going to be att*cked!

Roha: Now he's got your scent!

Star: Yes! I got him!

Roha: Heaven's Door!

Sign: Your body will fly  backwards at   km/h!

Roha: Josuke, Highway Go Go will  follow you anywhere at   km/h!

Rroha: Look for the user!

The only way for you to survive  is to defeat the user!

Star: Shut up already, you idiot!

Josu: Rohan!

Josu: Rohan Kishibe...

Josu: To think that you'd actually save me...

Josu: It's... It's unbelievable, but I'm moved!

Josu: All right, Rohan.

Josu: I just have to find that thing's user, right?

Josu: I just need to find the user and kick his ass!

Josu: Wait for me, Rohan!
Josu: I swear I'll save you, so wait for me, Rohan!

Josu: So it learned my scent?

Josu: It's going to chase me forever,

JoJo-main: ,and as soon as it touches me, it'll suck out my nutrients?

Josu: Yes!

Josu: That thing can't go faster than km/h!

Josu: This bike'll have no problem b*ating that.

Josu: But how am I supposed to find the user?

Josu: I guess I'll sort out everything I know about him first.

Josu: First, why did he set up a trap inside the tunnel?

Josu: It would have been easier to ambush us from the roadside.

Josu: Second, I think there's more to his sucking out nutrients.

Josu: There's got to be a reason for that tunnel.

Josu: I've got to check out that tunnel!

JoJo-main: ,I need information about the Futatsumori Tunnel!

Josu: Koichi!

Josu: I need to call Koichi and have him use Reverb to find the user!

Mom: Now, now. What's the matter? There, there...

Josu: All right. There should be plenty of distance between us now.

Josu: Where's my card?

Josu: Y-You can't be serious!

Josu: Why'd it suddenly appear?

Josu: I ran away at km/h, and it was going km/h.

Josu: Even doing simple math,

JoJo-main: ,it should have taken another two minutes to get here.

Josu: That thing is a Stand.

Josu: It can appear and disappear freely...

Jsu: He managed to make it appear somewhere near where I am,

Josu: and now it's going to accurately

Josu: att*ck me by following my scent!

Josu: S-Sixty kilometers...

Josu: Wh-What?!

Josu: ! A baby carriage!

Mom: What's the matter with you? You're so fussy...

Josu: If I slow down, I'm gonna die.

Josu: Rohan will die, as well.

JoJo-main: ,Sorry, but I'm gonna have to ride through.

Josu: I have to just bust through!

Josu: But, Shining Diamond!

Josu: Fix.

Josu: Good!

Josu: I'll never be able to make a phone call like this!

Boss: Listen up, Yoshioka.

Boss: In one minute,

JoJo-announcertop: ,you will receive a very important call on your phone.

Boss: This is a deal worth one billion!

Boss: You'd better not mess this up!

Boss: I'm counting on you, Yoshioka!

Yoshi: Y-Yes, sir! Please leave it to me.

Josu: This is it! This cell phone!

Josu: It just happened to show up at the perfect time. Lucky me!

Yosh: I will do my absolute best!

Josu: Talk about a silver lining!

JoJo-overlap,Yosh: Hello?

Yoh: Huh?

Yosh: Gah! One billion yen!

Josu: Did that happen when I grabbed it?

Josu: My silver lining just broke!

Girl: If you hate me, just hang up on me!

Guy: H-How can you say that, Minayo?

Guy: Say it! Ask her to marry you!

Guy: Minayo, will you m-marry—

Jojo: Man, I think I might be lucky today.

Girl: Huh? What? What is it, Akira?

Jojo: Talk about good timing!

Koi: Hello, Hirose residence.

Josu: Koichi!

Josu: So that's what's happening.

Josu: If I don't find the user, I'm gonna get k*lled.

Josu: I think it's a guy who has some kind of

JoJo-announcer: ,obsession or grudge with that tunnel.

Josu: Are there any incidents involving that tunnel?

Koi: Th-There is. It's in the paper from two days ago.

Koi: I saw the news on TV, too.

Koi: Some thug on a motorcycle was driving drunk

JoJo-main: ,and crashed into the tunnel's entrance.

Koi: John Doe is unconscious and in critical condition with injuries all over his body.

JoJo-main: ,He's undergoing intensive care at Budogaoka Hospital now.

Josu: Sounds like he's a victim of the Stand, too.

JoJo-main: ,Anyone else?

Koi: W-Wait a sec.

JoJo-main: ,When I saw the scene of the accident on TV, there was blood all over.

Koi: Th-That Stand is one that sucks up nutrients, right?

Koi: This sounds like a different injury.

Koi: Isn't it possible that the John Doe

JoJo-main: ,who's in critical condition could be the Stand user?

Josu: He needs nutrients from other people to heal himself...

Josu: What? I-It's the ocean!

Josu: If I keep going straight, I'll be in trouble!

Josu: I need to turn somewhere, or I'm gonna plunge into the ocean!

Josu: That corner!

JoJo-main: ,I'll have to take it going more than km/h!

Koi: Hello? Josuke? What's wrong?

Josu: Koichi! Keep me on the line. Don't hang up!

Josu: Here I go, !

Josu: Crap! I might crash!

Josu: No.

Josu: I can do this right now.

Josu: I can make this turn. I will make this turn, !

Josu: Yes! I made the turn!

Josu: Did you see how I hung in there?! Take that!

Josu: Wh-What?!

Josu: The ocean's on this side, too!

Sign: No Entry

JoJo-main: ,It's Morioh Harbor!

Josu: Shining Diamond!

Josu: Now for the crumbled wall...

Josu: Fix it!

Josu: Th-That was close...

Josu: It was trying to head straight toward me,

JoJo-main: ,so it couldn't see this wall.

Josu: Like a mosquito that can't see a screen, it's following me by scent alone.

Josu: It doesn't have the ability to think or plan its att*cks.

Josu: Its only goal is to take nutrients from me.

Josu: The theory that this guy's the critically injured patient makes sense.

Josu: Everything fits together.

Koi: Josuke!

Josu: Koichi, the hospital!

JoJo-main: ,That John Doe must be the Stand user!

Josu: Find out his name for me.

Koi: Got it.

Josu: But, man, this situation is heavy...

Josu: H-How am I supposed to get out of this?

Dad: How far did he go? That littleJosuke...

Dad: When this arrow wanted to pierce a motorcycle thug

JoJo-main: ,who was about to die after an accident,

Dad: I was wondering what the hell it was thinking, but...

JoJo-main: ,This is amazing! Just amazing!

Dad: Who would have thought he would create this amazing Highway Go Go?

Dad: A Stand ability is all about the user's mental strength!

Dad: The hungrier someone is, the stronger they are!

Dad: No one can defeat the power of a man so hungry to heal his own injuries.

Dad: But I really would have loved to see Josuke die!

Josu: What should I do? What should I do?

Josu: A culvert!

Josu: I'm glad I found a culvert that drains into the ocean,

Josu: but it just keeps getting closer and closer.

Josu: H-How am I going to get out of here?

Josu: Wh-Which way should I go?

Josu: Um... The ocean is behind me,

JoJo-main: ,which means it's also to my right.

Josu: The ocean is definitely bad news.

Josu: The left is the way I came from... I think.

Josu: Wh-Which way do I go now?

Josu: I think the left might be the ocean, but if I go to the right...

Josu: Th-There's the middle, too...

Josu: Wh-What's happening?

Josu: I'm pressing the gas, but the speed keeps dropping...

Josu: I-Is it breaking down?

Josu: Wh-What?! It's not broken?

Josu: Then why am I losing speed?

JoJo-main: ,I'm gonna stop!

Josu: I-It's coming!

Josu: Could it be...

Josu: Am I out of gas?

Josu: Man, don't scare me like that.

JoJo-main: ,I'm just out of gas...

Josu: Then there's no problem at all.

Josu: I thought it was some

JoJo-main: ,major malfunction that even Shining Diamond couldn't fix.

Josu: This isn't a problem.

Josu: There'll be no problem escaping this.

Josu: Still no problem.

Josu: I can fix this with no problem.

JoJo-main: ,And the motorcycle, too, of course.

Josu: I can't get too relaxed since that thing teleports,

Josu: but gasoline is not a problem.

Josu: But it seems

Josu: that I do have a problem after all...

Josu: I'm lost!

Josu: Wh-Which way is the hospital?

Signtop: H

Signtop: Hi

Signtop: Hig

Signtop: High

Signtop: Highw

Signtop: Highwa

Signtop: Highway

Signtop: Highway G

Signtop: Highway Go

Signtop: Highway Go G

Signtop: Highway Go Go

Sign: BudogaokaGeneral Hospital

Koi: Pardon me. I'm in a huge hurry.

Koi: I'd like to know which room the young man who caused

JoJo-main: ,the motorcycle accident at Futatsumori Tunnel is in.

Koi: What's his room number?

Ko: Please tell me!

Nurse: Now, listen...

Nurse: Can you not see what's written there?

Koi: Huh?

Sign: Visiting hours are over for the day

Nurse: If you need an eye exam,

JoJo-main: ,you can come in after : AM tomorrow.

Koi: Um, I'm not actually here to visit him.

Koi: But there's a reason I need to know his name!

Koi: Please, tell me!

Nurse: Didn't you hear me tell you to go home?

Nurse: Worthless brats like you are such a bother.

Nurse: You seem pretty short for a motorcycle g*ng member.

Nurse: Do your feet even reach the ground?

Nurse: Ah.

Koi: Act ...

Rev: Okay, Master! Let's k*ll da ho!

Rev: Beeetch!

Nurse: O-Oh, no!

Nure: That was close...

JoJo-main: ,These medicines costs , yen a bottle.

Nurse: Huh?

Nurse: They're heavy?!

Nurse: They're going to fall!

Nurse: Hey, you! Help me! Hold me up!

Koi: Um, by "Hey, you!" did you mean me?

Nurs: Yes! Who else is here?! This is really heavy!

Koi: Well, yeah, but still...

Koi: You did just tell me to go home.

Koi: Not to mention, I'm so short, I don't know if I can reach.

Koi: Are you going to get in trouble with your boss if those break?

Koi: Then you're going to be like, "Oh my gah!" Isn't it?

Nurse: All right, fine! I'll tell you!

Nurse: He's in room !

JoJo-main: ,Yuya Fungami is in .

Nurse: Take that elevator to the fifth floor!

Nurse: Huh?

Koi: Josuke!

Josu: Koichi...

Josu: Did you find out where he is, Koichi?

Koi: Room ! His name is Yuya Fungami!

JoJo-main: ,It's room !

Josu: Thanks, Koichi!

Koi: It's on the fifth floor! Hurry and get into the elevator!

Josu: Sh-..

Josu: I-It just keeps coming in!

Josu: Koichi! Reverb Act !

Josu: You really are a guy I can count on. Thanks, Koichi!

Koi: But  Freeze can only att*ck one place at a time.

Koi: The rest of them are following Josuke!

Josu: There it is! Room !

Josu: I'm finally here!

Josu: The vent!

Josu: You!

JoJo-main: ,It's only a few more meters to the room...

Josu: This distance is a pain!

JoJo-main: ,I'm just gonna cut through and kick your ass!

Josu: !

JoJo-main: ,I'm going to get there, no matter what!

JoJo-main: ,I'm going to get there

Josu: and kick your ass...

Ake: Who is that brat?

Yosh: This is Yu's room!

Rei: Don't mistake it for your own, you foolishass!

Yu: Don't worry about him.

Yu: You okay?

Yu: I thought it had been a while

JoJo-main: ,since I got nutrients from that first guy in the tunnel, but...

Yu: So you're the second one I've been chasing around, huh?

Yu: I'm surprised you really made it here.

JoJo-main: ,I'm a little shocked, actually.

Yosh: Yu, you know this guy?

Yu: Huh?

Yu: Nah, I don't know him, and I don't give a 

Yu: Great job, Highway Go Go.

Yu: I've healed up quite a bit.

Yu: If I can get nutrients from two or three more guys with abilities like his,

Yu: I'll be fully recovered.

Ake: Hey!

Yosh: We told you not to lay your lazy ass down there!

Yu: And I just told you not to worry about him!

Yu: More importantly, come over here and give me some attention.

Yu: Little ol' me can't even move yet.

Yu: I really have to take a piss. My bladder's super full.

Rei: Ooh! That's my job!

Yosh: We promised we'd all take turns doing that!

Yosh: It's my turn this time!

Ake: What? No, it's me!

Yu: I don't care who it is.

JoJo-main: ,Just hurry up and bring the urine bottle and help me go.

Yosh: Okay!

Ake: Then I'll...

Yu: Hey, Akemi.

Yu: That peach is rotten.

JoJo-main: ,Peel a different one.

Ake: How can you tell it's rotten?

Yu: Why? Because it reeks.

Yu: It totally smells rotten.

Ake: From over there?

Yu: You've got a point.

JoJo-main: ,I think my nose suddenly got much more sensitive.

Ake: Oh, you're right... It really is rotten.

Yu: One of you three is on your period, right?

Yu: Am I wrong? Someone's on her period, right?

Girl: Huh?

Yu: Ha, so it's you, Yoshie!

Yu: Looks like I was right.

JoJo-main: ,And one of you is also really annoyed right now, huh?

Yu: When you get mad or excited, your body releases adrenaline,

Yu: and I can smell it.

Yu: What are you mad about? Is it you, Reiko?

Rei: Huh? I'm not mad.

Yosh: We're all really happy that you're feeling better, Yu.

Ake: Yeah, we're super happy!

Ake: There's no reason for any of us to be mad.

Yu: Hey, hey, something's not right.

Yu: It totally reeks of someone being annoyed.

Yu: Don't lie to me.

JoJo-main: ,Which one of you is mad?

Josu: It's me!

Josu: I'm the one who reeks of all that adrenaline!

Yu: Impossible!

JoJo-main: ,You should be completely dried up by now!

Yu: How are you standing?

Josu: That's because...

Yu: You were drinking my IV fluid?

Josu: It wasn't much, but I replenished myself.

Josu: Release Rohan, the guy you're holding c*ptive in the tunnel!

Yu: You fool!

JoJo-main: ,Highway Go Go still remembers your scent!

Girls: Yu!

Josu: You three, don't move!

Josu: My name is Josuke Higashikata.

Josu: My Stand's name is Shining Diamond.

Josu: Though its target range is small,

JoJo-main: ,it can throw punches faster thana ho-hum speed like km/h.

Josu: I've never actually measured it,

JoJo-main: ,but if it gets closer, it can go about km/h.

Yu: Hey, stop! Wait!

Yu: M-My spine is still broken.

JoJo-main: ,My arms and legs are still broken and I'm bedridden.

Yu: I'm critically injured!

Yu: And you're saying that you're going to hurt pitiful ol' me?

yu: All right, my bad. I'll free the guy in the tunnel.

Yu: I think he's still alive.

Yu: If you replenish his nutrients, I think he'll live...

Yu: S-So...

Yu: You wouldn't do something as cowardly as kicking

JoJo-main: ,an injured person's ass, would you?

Yu: That's not something a man would do!

Girls: Yeah! That's cowardly!

Josu: Oh, I see.

JoJo-main: ,It's true that I probably wouldn't feel too great if

JoJo-main: ,I kicked an injured person's ass.

Josu: It's definitely not manly, and it pains my heart.

Yu: Right? The guilt will stick with you forever if you kick my ass.

Josu: I thought about that, so I already fixed you.

Yu: Huh?!

Yu: Eh?

Josu: Can you move?

JoJo-main: ,You can, right?

JoJo-main: ,Your wounds are all healed up, aren't they?

Yu: Th-They are...

Josu: Right.

Josu: I figured if I fixed you up first,

Josu: it wouldn't be cowardly at all, would it?

Nar: Yuya Fungami continues his hospital stay.

Nar: If he ever tries to use Highway Go Go again to try to heal himself,

Nar: Josuke threatens to kick his ass over and over.

Josu: I feel so refreshed.

Josu: I feel like it's New Year's morning

JoJo-main: ,after I just put on a fresh pair of underwear.

Girl: Yu!

Nar: However, it's rather enviable that he gets to be nursed

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,back to health by his fangirls.

Nar: Meanwhile, Rohan...

Roha: Josuke Higashikata...

Josu: U-Um, look, Rohan-sensei,

Josu: a lot's happened, but I, uh...

Roha: Why did you heal me?

Josu: Huh?

Roha: You meddlesome brat.

Roha: I would have rather die than be saved by you.

Roha: Not to mention, you stepped into the enemy's trap after I told you to run.

Roha: How stupid can you be?

Josu: Wha—

Roha: Just so you know, I don't consider this a favor I need to return.

Nar: ...apparently still doesn't get along with Josuke.

Nar: Also...

Nar: After all this happened, Koichi Hirose took his dog for a walk.

Signtop: H

Signtop: Hi

Signtop: Hig

Signtop: High

Signtop: Highw

Signtop: Highwa

Signtop: Highway

Signtop: Highway G

Signtop: Highway Go

Signtop: Highway Go G

Signtop: Highway Go Go

Signbot: Yu

Signbot: Yuya

Signbot: Yuya Fun

Signbot: Yuya Fungami

Shino: Ah, that cat's a British Blue.

Shino: Where'd you come from, little kitty?
Kira: All of Kosaku Kawajiri's shoes are a bit big for my own feet.

Kira: I need to switch them with

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,shoes that fit me, before they start to suspect something.

Kosa: Hayato.

Kosa: Aren't you going to say goodbye?

Kosa: Have a good day.

Shin: Darling!

Shin: Something terrifying happened in the basement!

Shin: It was so scary! I thought I was going to die!

Shin: It might have been scary,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,but it gave me an excuse to dive into the arms

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,of the one I love so much.

Shin: Like that, and that, and that!

Shin: You see... There's a cat I've neverseen before in the basement!

Kosa: A cat?

Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable

Sign: Episode      Cats Love Yoshikage Kira

Shin: So the reason it was really scary...

Shin: I went down to the basement

JoJo-main: ,because I ran out of mineral water.

Shin: And you know how much I love cats, right?

Shin: So I was like, "Oh, it's a British Blue."

Shin: It had perfect proportions,

JoJo-main: ,and golden eyes contrasting with its velvet-like, blue-gray fur.

Shin: Where did you come in from?

JoJo-flashback: ,You cute little kitty...

Shin: Oh, dear. It's being defensive.

Shin: It must have come in from there.

Shin: But I can't let it stay down here forever.

Shin: It might pee on the potato sack it's sitting on,

JoJo-flashbackinternal: ,and it might even have fleas.

Shin: It's okay to get closer if you don't make eye contact, right?

Shin: Oh, right. I just need to let it know that I'm not its enemy.

Shin: See? My belly's up, which means I'm being submissive.

Shin: Let's be friends.

Shin: Why am I trying to humor a cat?

Shin: If you don't get out of here, I'll hit you with this!

Shin: You hear? I'll throw it!

Shin: Darn it!

Shin: Why, you!

Shin: It was clinging to the ceiling like some kind of bug!

Shin: A-And what really creeped me out was

Shin: that the cat had a hole in its throat.

Shin: A hole about as big as a one-yen coin!

Shin: And then, from the hole, I heard...

sign___Mreow,Sfx: Mreow

Kosa: A hole?

Kosa: Could it be a hole from the arrow?

Shin: I just frantically waved the broom around and ran.

Shin: Please, could you go check it out? It was really creepy.

Kosa: It had a hole... right?

Shin: Hey... Is it gone? Did it run away?

Kosa: No... It's dead.

Shin: Huh? What are you talking about?

Shin: W-Wait...

Kosa: One of the shards went right into its throat.

Shin: Wait a minute! I was just—

Kosa: It was an accident.

JoJo-main: ,It's no one's fault. It was just bad luck.

Kosa: It's not your fault.

JoJo-main: ,It's no one's fault.

Kosa: Apparently it had a hole in its throat, but...

Kosa: Now there's no way to tell if it was a Stand user or not.

Kosa: No, I'm sure it wasn't...

Kai: Good morning, Morioh.

Kai: Isn't it a refreshing morning, now that the rain's stopped?

Kai: I just saw a rainbow in the sky

JoJo-announcer: ,before I came into the studio.Is it still out there?

Nar: "Where am I, mrowr?

Nar: What am I doing here? Meow, meow," he thought.

Nar: "Two days go, someone att*cked me with an arrow,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,and I survived that, but..."

Nar: "M-My body's different from usual!

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,It's shaped funny! It's all wrong!

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Why can't I move from here?" he thought, bewildered.

Shin: Where did he bury it?

Shin: I'm so sorry, kitty. Please rest in peace.

Nar: "Who's this human lady?

Nar: I get a bad feeling from her," he thought.

Nar: "The broom! That's it! Now I remember!

Nar: This woman...

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,That's right! A whole bunch of glass stabbed me, and I couldn't move!

Nar: The reason I'm like this now

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,is because of this woman!" he thought angrily.

Nar: He was perplexed.

Nar: "What? Something came out.

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,When I got angry at that woman, something just came out."

Shin: My toenail? Wh-Why?!

Shin: Is it a curse? C-Could it be that cat?!

Nar: He lived by his desire and instinct,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,so he understood this power, as well as how to use it.

Kou: That's... a Stand user!

Kou: Why is this thing growing from where I buried the cat yesterday?

Kou: Just what is this thing?

Kou: What did it do to that sparrow?

JoJo-main: ,I couldn't see an actual Stand.

Kou: The most important thing is whetherthat thing is an enemy or not.

Kou: Is it an enemy who wishes to harm me, or is it...

Kou: I should probably k*ll it, just in case.

Kou: It fell asleep after eating.

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Is it a plant or an animal?

Kou: It'd be easy to k*ll it,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,but it might be worth watching for a while.

Kou: The way it turned around because it thought it was being called

JoJo-main: ,is almost like a cat, as well...

Kou: The fact that it can't resist trying to smell me is also like a cat.

Kou: It looks like it might be okay to pet it.

Kou: The way it's purring creepily

JoJo-main: ,as it's about to fall asleep is also, indeed, like a cat.

Kou: But I'm still not sure if it has any hostility toward me or not.

Kou: Let's find out.

Kou: Hmm... It's angry,

JoJo-main: ,but this confirms that it doesn't have any hostility toward me.

Kou: This is definitely the cat that I buried here yesterday.

Kou: So it really did have a holein its throat from the arrow!

Shin: D-Darling?

Kou: The woman!

Shin: That place scares me.

JoJo-main: ,That's where my toenail came off...

Kou: This cat att*cked her because it had a grudge against her!

Kou: If she found out about this thing...

Kou: That rumor might eventually reach Jotaro Kujo and the others!

Kou: That would definitely be bad news!

Shin: That's where you buried the cat, right?

Shin: It seems like it's cursed, so I'm really scared...

Kou: I didn't bury it here. Go back into the house.

Shin: You're lying!

JoJo-main: ,You're lying out of consideration for me, aren't you?

Kou: Crap! This cat means me harm, after all!

Kou: I still don't know what kind of Stand ability it has,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,but I'm going to get rid of it.

Kou: Deadly Queen!

Kou: I feel bad for you, but I'm going to blow you up with this.

Kou: First b*mb, switch on!

Kou: What?!

Koou: Impossible! There's no way it can be a dud!

Kou: Is it because of this thing?

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Is this thing's ability keeping it from exploding?

Sh: Huh? Is that a plant?

JoJo-main: ,Th-That plant is moving!

Kou: I told you to go back into the house!

Shin: Huh?

Kou: Shinobu!

Kou: The moment Deadly Queen's b*mb moved away from that thing, it went off!

Kou: Could this thing's ability be...

Na: The plant that was a cat until yesterday thought,

Nar: "I'm going to k*ll that woman!"

Kou: I can't allow you to att*ck her anymore.

Kou: I'm going to have to make you disappear.

Nar: "Then I'll just have to k*ll this man who's getting in my way, too!"

Kou: The only time the b*mb doesn't explode is when there's no air around it.

Nar: This plant instinctively knew just how it should k*ll him.

Kou: Could its Stand ability be the ability to control air freely?

Kkou: It's coming!

Kou: I can't see it, but it released something again.

Kou: Deadly Queen!

Kou: It is releasing something. It's air!

JoJo-main: ,It's releasing bubbles of air!

Dead: You  cat! I'll crush you!

Dead: I can't touch it!

Dead: It's like I'm stepping on an invisible balloon!

Kou: It really is controlling the air.

Kou: What?

Kou: Th-That thing...

Kou: I can't see it, but I'm sure it released an air bubble again.

Kou: This isn't good... Something isn't right!

Koou: What?

Kou: The cactus!

Kou: Sh-Shinobu!

Kou: What is this? Was I, Yoshikage Kira, just relieved

Kou: at the fact that the cactus needles didn't pierce her eyes?

Kou: What is this feeling?

Kou: Am I actually worried about someone else?

Kou: No!

Kou: I'm just worried that if this woman dies, Jotaro Kujo

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,will find out about this house!

Kou: That's the only reason I was relieved that she was okay.

Kou: That's all it is...

Kou: That att*ck won't work anymore.

Kou: Even though I may not be able to see it,

JoJo-main: ,now that I know the mystery behind it...

Kou: It's just an ability that allows you to blow and spread air bubbles.

Kou: You are no longer a match for Deadly Queen.

Kou: What?!

Kou: Th-This thing just... put an air bubble into my veins!

Kou: It's rising higher and higher into my body!

Kou: I'm not that knowledgeable in medicine, but I've heard

Kou: that if you inject more than cc of air into a human being's veins,

Kou: it can block the vein and lead to death.

Kou: This is definitely more than cc!

Kou: !

Kou: It's no use! This is bad...

Kou: I have no choice... I have to do it.

Kkou: Deadly Queen!

Kou: I underestimated that thing.

Kou: Its ability to freely control the air...

Kou: It's a terrifying ability. Wh-What should I do?

Kou: It's coming! It's going to att*ck again!

Kou: What should I do?

Kou: That was close...

Kou: For now, I guess I'll let this go.

Kou: I'll let this go.

Sign top: S

Sign top: St

Sign top: Str

Sign top: Stra

Sign top: Stray

Sign top: Stray C

Sign top: Stray Ca

Sign top: Stray Cat

Sign bot: A

Sign bot: A Plant

Sign bot: A Plant That

Sign bot: A Plant ThatWas

Sign bot: A Plant ThatWas Once

Sign bot: A Plant ThatWas Once a

Sign bot: A Plant ThatWas Once a Cat

Shin: He told me yesterday that he buried that cat's corpse far away.

Shin: The cat's curse, as he said,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,was just an illusion my mind came up with out of fear.

Shin: I suddenly fainted in front of him...It was so embarrassing.

Shin: But...

Shin: He took care of me, even though it made him late to work.

Shin: I was so happy.

Shin: It felt like our hearts were connected.

Shin: That was the happiest morning of my life.

Shin: Well? Is it good?

Shin: That Hayato...

JoJo-main: ,He left without saying goodbye again.

Kou: Was that brat observing me?

Shin: Oh, darling!

Shin: That's my plate.

Shin: You don't like shiitake mushrooms, so I took them out of yours...

Shin: When did you start liking them?

Shin: You've already eaten more than half of it.

Shin: But I'm happy to see you gobbling down my cooking.

Shin: I guess you realized that you only thought you didn't like them, huh?

Kou: Yes.

Kou: All right, I'm going.

Shin: Have a good day, darling.

Shin: Ah... I wanted him to give me a goodbye kiss.

Shin: But we're understanding each other's feelings.

Shin: I'll seduce him soon enough.

Haya: He was using a shoehorn to put on his shoes.

Haya: I'm sure he put on the .cm sized shoes.

Haya: Having two different sizes of shoes is weird.

Haya: It's also weird that Mom and Dad are getting along lately.

Haya: He was even gobbling up the shiitakemushrooms that he hates.

Haya: This is weird, too.

Haya: Why was he writing his own name over and over?

Haya: And last night...

Hya: No matter how many times I see it, that's potting soil.

Haya: And I think the other thing he has is a bag of cat food.

Haya: And then he goes inside his closet...

Kou: They're all wearing hats.

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Do they have to wear those for school?

Kou: Something doesn't feel right...

Haya: The attic?

Haya: Wh-What is that bizarrely shaped thing?

Haya: It's too dark for me to see it clearly.

Haya: There it is. It's that bag.

Haya: Huh?

Haya: Wha—

Haya: I-It's moving!

Haya: It's not a plant... Those are eyes!

Haya: It has eyeballs, and it's looking this way!

Haya: Could that cat food be for this thing?

Shin: Oh, darling.

Shin: What's the matter?

JoJo-main: ,Did you forget something? Oh, is the thing you forgot

Shin: my goodbye kiss?

Kou: No...

Shin: Aww...

JoJo-main: ,Then what is it? Shall I get it for you?

JoJo-main: ,No, I'll get it.

Haya: Why is he back?

Haya: Crap!

Haya: Huh?!

Haya: What?! Th-This thing...

Haya: Something I can't see that's inflated,

Haya: like some kind of air bubble, has my arms and neck pinned down!

Haya: He's coming up! C-Crap!

Kou: The attic! I knew it! That brat...

Hya: I-It att*cked me when I tried to shut the window?

Haya: Does this thing need sunlight to move?

Haya: I-I know! If they're air bubbles...

Haya: Yes! So it was the sunlight.

Kou: That noise...

Kou: Did Stray Cat wear itself out trying to

JoJo-main: ,get the cat food from the shelf using air?

Kou: I thought it would stay calm if there was no sunlight hitting it,

Kou: but I guess a tiny bit of light was coming in.

Kou: Still...

Kou: I thought that maybe Hayato had gotten in here,

Kou: but it appears that it was, thankfully, just my imagination.

Kou: If that brat knew the truth about me,

Kou: I would have had to k*ll him.

Haya: He has Dad's face, but that's not my dad. Who...

Haya: Wh-Who is he?!
Sign: July th (Mon) : PM

Dad: Yoshikage... My son...

Dad: Where are you right now?

Dad: I'm sure you've probably changed your face and name, and have hidden yourself.

Dad: How pitiful...  And yet...

Jojo: Right. We need to find out about any people who've gone missing recently.

Jojo: Including those considered runaways.

Jose: Kira is probably hiding.

Jose: Do you think he'd commit m*rder again in that state?

Jojo: Serial K*llers like him can't easily keep their impulses in check.

Jojo: He will strike again.

Koi: Are you sure we don't need to do anything?

Koi: We haven't been able to find a single clue about Kira yet.

Josu: That's what I was thinking, too.

Josu: But Jotaro said it was fine.

Josu: He said he'll have us move when he finds something out,

Josu: but until then, he wants us to continue being students.

Oku: I'd rather look for Kira than study.

Oku: We managed to corner him that one time,

JoJo-main: ,so it should be pretty easy, shouldn't it?

Sign: KisaraDrug

Roha: Yes. As long as I'm repairing my house, I'd like to do some renovations, too.

Dad: Curses! He's actually taking pictures of everyone to try to find him!

Roha: I guess I'll have someone come by to give me an estimate.

Dad: Jotaro and all of his other Stand users are doing whatever they want...

Dad: I need to make a new Stand user

JoJo-main: ,to take care of those meddlesome...

Dad: Hm?

Dad: That's...

Dad: There's no doubt about it!

Dad: Even though his appearance has changed,

JoJo-main: ,our bond as father and son bring us together.

Dad: There's no way I would mistake my own son!

Dad: I've found you, Yoshikage...

Haya: I'm gonna find out

Haya: who the guy disguised as my dad really is.

Dad: It can't be...

Dad: At this rate, those Stand users will...

Dad: I won't allow it! I won't allow that to happen!

Dad: I will protect Yoshikage!

JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable

Sign: July th (Thurs) : AM

Koi: I'm heading out.

Koi: I'm gonna be late... And I've got class duties today!

Sign: Episode     July th (Thurs), Part 

Sign: July th (Thurs), : AM

Josu: So tired...

Josu: I stayed up way too late last night.

Oku: I got plenty of sleep, so I'm in top shape again today.

Oku: Look, Josuke.

Oku: Binoculars.

Oku: There's a pair of binoculars on the ground.

Josu: You're so easily intrigued by things that are on the ground.

Josu: Don't pick them up. They're dirty.

Oku: What? Really?

Bino: I am not dirty!

Miki: Hello, Josuke and Okuyasu.

Josu: I-It was you? Don't scare us like that, Mikitaka.

Oku: You're gonna give me a heart att*ck, !

Miki: Oh, stop...

Josu: Don't get bashful. It's not a compliment!

Oku: Though, yeah... You showed up at a good time.

Oku: There's something I wanted to get straightened out.

Oku: The thing about you being an alien is a lie, right?

Oku: You're just a Stand user who thinks he's an alien, right?

Oku: Stop being ambiguous and clear things up, !

Miki: I have been clear from the beginning.

Miki: I am an alien.

Oku: Why are you talking like that all of a sudden?

Josu: That's enough.

Josu: More importantly, what are you doing,

JoJo-main: ,turning into binoculars on the road like that?

Miki: Oh, yes. I wanted you two to look at that thing,

JoJo-main: ,so I was waiting here for you.

Oku: That thing?

Mki: That thing... The electrical pylon right in front of you.

Oku: Electrical pylon?

Josu: That's not really an electrical pylon.

JoJo-main: ,It's a remnant stripped of its wires that's no longer in use.

Josu: When construction started onMorioh's residential areas,

JoJo-main: ,most of the cables got put underground, so these weren't needed anymore.

Oku: What about it?

Josu: Are you trying to communicate with some other planet?

Miki: There's smoke coming out of the middle of that pylon, isn't there?

Oku: Huh?

Josu: Y-You're right...

Miki: Please take a good look at it.

Josu: H-Hey, it's a kettle!

Oku: What? In a place like that?!

Oku: It's, like,  meters off the ground!

Miki: Would you mind taking a look about five meters higher?

Josu: What the heck is that?

Oku: L-Let me see, too.

Oku: There! There he is!

Oku: There's a guy up there! He's cooking!

JoJo-overlap,Josu: What?! Let me see!

Oku: He must be living on that pylon.

Oku: He's actually making a living there!

Oku: He's fishing from the river, and even has cucumbers growing.

Oku: That's really convenient!

Josu: I see! So it's basically a self-sufficient dwelling.

Miki: Some people in this worlddo very strange things.

Josu: Look out!

Oku: H-He's...

Josu: It's a new Stand user!

Oku: Yeah! I just saw him fly!

Josu: But what's a Stand user doing living up there?

Mki: It would seem there's a need to find out more about that man.

Kane: I can see them... They're finally here.

Kane: Are they interested in me?

Kane: Come on over.

Kane: It's been a while since I've spoken to other people.

Oku: Look. It looks like he sees us, too.

Oku: Want to go over there?

Josu: Yeah, but be careful.

JoJo-main: ,We still don't know if that Stand user is a friend or foe.

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM

Koi: Huh? D-Do you need something?

Koi: I'm in a bit of a hurry right... now...

Koi: Huh? Huh?!

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM

Oku: Looking at it up close, it's bigger than I thought.

Kane: You guys, stop right there!

JoJo-main: ,Don't come any closer to this pylon.

Kane: Huh?

Kane: Move back a bit more.

JoJo-main: ,I just relieved myself, so you need to step back, or you'll be in trouble.

Josu: What are you talking about?

Oku: D-Don't tell me this is...

Kane: I told you so.

JoJo-main: ,You'll get covered in feces and urine!

Josu: That's gross!

Kane: Gross? How rude!

JoJo-main: ,I made it spray like that so I could fertilize the wildflowers over there!

Kane: I like to recycle everything I possibly can.

Kane: On the right are Asiatic dayflowers, mountain udo, and watercress.

Kane: They're all edible wildflowers!

Kane: Not to mention, if there are wildflowers around,

JoJo-main: ,I can catch wild rabbits that come to eat them,

JoJo-main: ,so it's k*lling two birds with one stone.

Josu: So you really are living up there?

Josu: Doesn't this pylon belong to the electric company?

Kane: What are you talking about?

JoJo-main: ,This is my house that I bought with my own money.

Kane: I bought this abandoned pylon for , yen

JoJo-main: ,and made it my own ideal self-sufficient house!

Oku: Bought?

Josu: For , yen?

Kane: That's right. Just , yen.

Kane: Because I'm self-sufficient, I don't have to work at any company.

Kane: And even if I never leave here, I get all the exercise I need by moving around the pylon.

Kane: Take a look at this spectacular view.

Josu: Huh? W-Wait a minute.

Josu: Even if you never leave? Just how long have you been living on this pylon?

Kane: Let's see... About three years now?

Oku: Th...

Josu: Three years?!

Kane: I probably haven't touched the ground in about a month.

Oku: H-Hey, Josuke. I had no idea that an idiot like this lived in Morioh.

Oku: This guy isn't an enemy, he's just a  weirdo.

Oku: I don't think he's going to att*ck us.

Josu: True...

JoJo-main: ,I guess, for now, we can just head back and report to Jotaro.

Josu: But...

Josu: Something's still bugging me...

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM

Roha: What's he doing?

Roha: Well, I guess kids take videos, too...

Roha: But since he's hiding behind that pillar,

JoJo-main: ,it looks like he's doing the same thing I am.

Roha: He's following someone and recording their actions...

Roha: Could he be recording someone here?

Sign: Hayato Kawajiri

Roha: "Hayato Kawajiri," huh...

Roha: There's something strange...

Roha: about this kid.

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM

Tomo: I'm home.

Sign: Silence

Tomo: That's strange.

Tomo: Josuke, you haven't left for school yet?

Tomo: Josuke!

Tomo: I'm hungry.

Tomo: Josuke, that villain... This is so rude!

Tomo: How dare he take a bite out of my favorite

JoJo-main: ,Kamakura Custar and then put it back in the fridge?!

Tomo: Not to mention, there should have been two left.

Tomo: That kid seriously pisses me off.

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM

Josu: Hey, something fell out of your pocket.

Josu: Is that a photograph?

Kane: Would you guys mind leaving now?

Kane: You don't have to pick it up. I'll get it myself later.

Josu: It looks like a Polaroid. What's he panicking for?

Kane: Seriously, it's okay! Just leave!

Josu: What?! You're...

Oku: Hey! J-J-Josuke!

Josu: You're Kira's dad!

Josu: I knew the ghost dad was involved in this!

Kane: So you've finally come in. I've been waiting for this.

Kane: When you tell people to come in, they become guarded and don't come in.

Kane: But if you tell people not to come in, they get annoyed and come in.

Kane: You've finally stepped into Superfly, Josuke Higashikata!

JoJo-main: ,Wh-What?!

Dad: Well done, Toyohiro Kanedaichi!

Dad: Well done luring that idiot Josuke into Superfly!

Dad: I commend you!

Oku: Something's not right! Come back, Josuke!

Josu: No, Kira's dad is right there! The arrow's right there!

Josu: You!

Josu: Why, you—

Josu: What?!

Kane: You see, when someone enters this pylon,

Kane: they can't get out until the next person comes in.

JoJo-main: ,If they try to force their way out, they become a part of the pylon themselves.

Kane: That's my Stand, Superfly!

Dad: You fell for it, Josuke Higashikata!

JoJo-main: ,Don't let him get away, Toyohiro Kanedaichi!

Oku: Josuke!

Sign: S

Sign: Su

Sign: Sup

Sign: Supe

Sign: Super

Sign: Superf

Sign: Superfl

Sign: Superfly

Sign: Toyo

Sign: Toyohiro

Sign: Toyohiro Kane

Sign: Toyohiro Kaneda

Sign: Toyohiro Kanedaichi

Oku: Josuke!

Josu:  it...

Kane: I said it was my Stand,

JoJo-main: ,but Superfly isn't a Stand that I can control.

Kane: It's actually an independent Stand.

Kane: I can finally leave, now that you guys have shown up.

Kane: Even I, its user, was held c*ptive by Superfly.

Kane: Well, good luck living here in my stead!

Oku: That one!

JoJo-main: ,He must've been working with the guy in the photograph.

Miki: Okuyasu, is there anything that I can do?

Oku: You'll just get hurt, so stay out of it.

Oku: Your job's over.

Oku: If you could actually turn into dynamite instead of

JoJo-main: ,dice or binoculars and blow this pylon up, things might be different.

Mki: That I cannot do.

JoJo-main: ,I can't produce any strength that isn't my own,

JoJo-main: ,and I can't turn into anything complicated like expl*sives.

Miki: But I'd like to be of some use.

Oku: Shut up.

Oku: I'm telling you that there's nothing you can do.

Oku: Leave the dangerous stuff to us.

Oku: That one's starting to run away because he's convinced

JoJo-main: ,that he's got him trapped in there,

Oku: but he must not know who we are.

Josu: Hey. You gonna do this, Okuyasu?

Oku: I know you're up to it, too.

Oku: What's the big deal about this pylon?

JoJo-main: ,Let's crush it, Josuke!

Josu: Yeah. There shouldn't be an issue if I crush it and get out!

Kane: Watch it!

Kane: The hell? What's with their power?!

Oku: This thing's pretty sturdy.

JoJo-main: ,But if we keep attacking it, this pillar will snap in two.

Oku: And look. It looks like that guy's about to fall off.

Kane: Y-You idiots! How can you do something so terrifying?

Kane: Of course I thought about that possibility.

Kane: But haven't you noticed?

Kane: This pylon is draining your powers and

JoJo-main: ,distributing them throughout itself.

Oku: Huh? What is that idiot talking about?

Oku: Josuke, just a little more, and you'll be out of there!

JoJo-main: ,Here we go!

Josu: Hold up, Okuyasu. Listen.

Josu: Something's not right. What's that weird sound?

Kane: It's the sound of all the power you guys threw

JoJo-main: ,into the pylon, moving throughout it.

Josu: What?

Kane: And think about this carefully.

Kae: You know that whole "law of conservation of energy"?

Kane: Energy that's running around has to be able to escape from somewhere.

Kane: So where's all that energy's gonna go?

Josu: It can't be...

Josu: Okuyasu, duck!

Josu: What?!

Kane: You can att*ck it all you want,

JoJo-main: ,but all the att*cks on the pylon are just gonna come right back to you.

Kane: If you hit it, it'll hit back. If you cut it, it'll cut back.

Kane: Just think about it.

JoJo-main: ,No matter who comes around with whatever kind of ability,

Kane: no one can destroy this pylon!

Josu: Okuyasu!

Oku: Th-This isn't good, Josuke...

Oku: I couldn't dodge it completely.

Oku: It ripped a hole in my side.

Kane: I guess I should've warned you about that.

Kane: And next, you're probably going to think

JoJo-main: ,that if you defeat me, the user,  you'll be able to get out.

Kane: But that's futile, too.

JoJo-main: ,This pylon is an independent Stand.

Kane: Even if I were to die,

JoJo-main: ,this pylon would probably continue to trap people inside for eternity.

Kane: That's what Superfly is.

Oku: Josuke...

Josu: For eternity?

Kane: But don't get too depressed about that.

JoJo-main: ,You just have to lure someone else in, Josuke Higashikata.

Kane: If one comes in, one can get out.

Kane: Just have some sucker take your place and get out.

Kane: It's sort of like playing Old Maid.

Kane: It's like human society.

JoJo-main: ,You just need to pass off the old maid to someone else.

Kane: Am I wrong?

Miki: Indeed, if someone else is pulled in, Josuke will be saved.

Kane: Huh?

Oku: What?

Miki: You should be the one to return, then. Into the pylon...

Miki: you go.

Oku: You...

Josu: Mikitaka! When did you...

Kane: Who are you?

JoJo-main: ,Why were you an electrical wire? When did you get there?

Kane: What is that ability?

Miki: Why, thank you for asking.

Miki: You see, I'm an alien.

Kane: What?

Oku: Y-You actually can be useful!

Miki: Now's your chance. Please step outside, Josuke-san.

Kane: Y-You!

Oku: You have my praise, Mikitaka!

Ku: Josuke, hurry up and get out.

JoJo-main: ,Get out of the pylon!

Josu: R-Right...

Josu: I did it!

Kane: You! What?!

Kane: The guy in the photograph didn't tell me

JoJo-main: ,that Josuke had a friend like you!

Miki: I'm an alien, so I'm unaware of this game called "Old Maid,"

Miki: but to suddenly trick Josuke and tell him that he cannot leave...

Miki: It's like an adult b*ating a child at a game

JoJo-main: ,on New Year's by tricking them.

Miki: This is why you should be the one to remain in the pylon.

Miki: You will remain here.

Kane: After all the time I spent living here, I ended up

JoJo-main: ,with these thick calluses on my hands.

Kane: There's a lot of stuff in here.

Kane: Take this!

Miki: It seems you're under the impression that that's a part of me,

Miki: but that is incorrect.

Miki: That is not me,

JoJo-main: ,but the pylon's wire that you were hanging off of earlier.

Oku: Yeah!

Josu: All right! Now, go to the top and come back out, Mikitaka!

kane: You're the one who finally stepped into this pylon.

JoJo-main: ,Do you really think I'd let you escape?

kane: I'm a man who has thought of nothing but getting out of here every single day!

Kane: Did you forget?

JoJo-main: ,This pylon will return whatever you do to it.

Kane: That wire's also a part of this pylon!

Kane: The angle at which the wire was cut was made so it would return to you.

Miki: H-Have I been defeated?

Josu: M-Mikitaka! Hurry up and get out of there!

Josu: I can fix a wound like that!

Kane: Nope, he's not getting out.

JoJo-main: ,I'm the one who's going to leave!

Kane: The direction and angle are perfect.

Kane: If you strike it, it'll strike back.

Oku: Mikitaka!

Josu: Y-You!

Kane: I went through some trouble getting out because of you,

Kane: but now I can get out easily.

Kane: I'm sure that's gonna hurt when you try and pry those out,

Kane: but you'll have plenty of time to treat it later.

Kane: There are some medicinal plants down there, too.

Josu: You! Do you think you can escape just because you're out of there?

Josu: I'll chase you to the ends of the Earth, !

Kane: Of course I can escape, and rather easily.

Kane: You guys haven't even been able to find Yoshikage Kira, have you?

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM

Roha: Who is that? I've never seen him before.

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM

Haya: I'll find him out... no matter what.
Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM

Roha: Who is that? I've never seen him before.

Roha: Hello. My name is Kinoto. I'm the architect you called.

Kino: I came to estimate repairs from the fire and any renovations we might do.

Roha: Oh, right. We made plans for you to come by.

Roha: Heaven's Door!

Roha: Sorry that was so sudden, but I've been quite cautious lately.

Sign: Yay! I got work!Gonna make some money!Rohan Kishibe seems like hehas a lot of money,so I'm gonna make a fortune.Hopefully I canovercharge a little bit.

Roha: He was born in  and is a first-class architect.

JoJo-main: ,His name is Masazo Kinoto.

Roha: I see.

Roha: Looks like he is indeed the one I called.

Roha: He's not a Stand user or an enemy.

Roha: Hm?

Sign: I don't like anyone looking at my back.

Sign: I don't want anyone to see my back.It's not like I have acne, scars, or a tattoo,but I never want anyone to look at my back, ever!I can't seem to get a girlfriend. What should I do?!

Roha: I have no idea what that's about,

JoJo-main: ,but I guess everyone has strange concerns and fears.

Roha: But it seems like he's safe to allow into the house.

Roha: Though there was that incident with the Janken kid, too...

Roha: Just in case, I'll write in that he can't att*ck me.

Kno: Huh? Did I do something just now?

Roha: No. Please, come in. Let's discuss the job.

Roha: Is something the matter?

JoJo-main: ,The room that caught fire is the one facing the yard.

Roa: If you don't come in, we can't discuss what to do about it.

Kino: Oh, please, go ahead. I'll follow you.

Roha: Huh?

Kino: Now, please, go ahead.

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM

Sign: Episode     July th (Thurs), Part 

Kane: Of course I can escape, and rather easily.

Kane: You guys haven't even been able to find Yoshikage Kira, have you?

Kane: You guys haven't seen my face.

JoJo-main: ,Doesn't my name seem fake, too?

Kane: I mean, it's Toyohiro Kanedaichi.

Oku: Wh-What?

Josu: Are you wearing something over your face?

Kane: The fact that I thought about leaving here

Kane: means I also planned on getting away.

Kane: Well, I'll be leaving now.

Josu: Y-You!

Miki: Please don't come in, Josuke.

Miki: I'll remain with this pylon.

Josu: What?! What are you talking about?

Miki: This all started because I found it,

Miki: and this happened because I turned into a wire

JoJo-main: ,and climbed all the way up here.

Miki: I can be useful, too.

JoJo-main: ,I wanted you guys to be proud of me, and that's why I did it.

Miki: Even though Okuyasu told me to stay out of it.

Miki: I got what I deserved.

Miki: Please don't worry about me.

Miki: If I think of it as if it were the inside of a spaceship,

JoJo-main: ,it seems quite spacious.

Kane: You're pretty weird, but also brave.

Kane: Though it really doesn't matter to me who stays here.

Kane: As long as I get to leave, that's all that matters.

Kane: You guys can decide the rest for yoursel—

Josu: No, you're the one who'll be staying.

Josu: The only time you'll ever get to hear the word "goodbye"

Josu: is when you hear us say it!

Miki: J-Josuke!

Kane: Y-You!

Josu: Since you cut this, I was able to fix it and climb back up here.

Kane: Impossible...

Josu: Mikitaka, could you hold on for another ten seconds or so?

Josu: After I b*at the crap out of this guy

JoJo-main: ,and drag him back into the pylon, I'll fix you right up.

Oku: Don't fall, Josuke!

Josu: Of course I won't fall.

Kane: I just said "impossible," but that was wrong.

Kane: Let me rephrase that and say, "you fool."

Kane: All I wanted to do was leave this pylon.

JoJo-main: ,I wasn't planning on k*lling anyone...

Kane: But now I'm going to have to knock you off of here

JoJo-main: ,just so I can get away, you fool!

Josu: Shut up!

Kane: Shining Diamond...

JoJo-main: ,It looks like a very powerful Stand when you see it up close.

Kane: But do you really think you can

JoJo-main: ,lay a finger on me when I can walk around

JoJo-main: ,the top of this pylon with my eyes closed?

Kane: I'm guessing its range is about two meters.

Josu: Watch it!

Josu: Hey, you foolishass! Quit fooling around!

Miki: Josuke, move away from there!

Miki: It's already been cut with the Kn*fe!

Miki: He's already cut up the pylon!

Josu: That was a dirty trick!

Josu: But it's not a speed that my Shining Diamond can't dodge.

Josu: What are you smirking for, ?

Josu: Are you that happy about me kicking your ass?!

Kane: I know every nook and cranny of this pylon.

Kane: I know exactly which angles to cut

JoJo-main: ,to make the energy come flying from any direction.

Kane: Just like one who's played billiards way too much,

Kane: I know it all too well!

Miki: Billiards?

Miki: Jo...

Oku: Josuke!

Kane: You said it wasn't a speed that Shining Diamond can't dodge, right?

Kane: But do you know which direction it's going to come from?

Kane: I wonder how many more sh*ts it just fired.

Kane: They're reflecting off of the beams now.

Kane: Here they come!

Miki: Josuke!

Miki: It's coming from behind, too!

Miki: Josuke!

Kane: This is exactly why I said, "you fool."

Kane: That alien or whatever over there

JoJo-main: ,bravely said he'd stay behind with the pylon.

Kane: You should have just listened to him.

Ken: Then you wouldn't have to die.

Miki: B-Both of his arms?

JoJo-main: ,He won't be able to dodge the next att*ck like that.

Kane: Here comes the energy to finish you off!

JoJo-main: ,It's going right for...

Josu: By the way, Okuyasu,

JoJo-main: ,did you happen to see from there how many

Josu: of this guy's att*cks I smacked away with Shining Diamond?

Oku: Huh? Yeah, I saw.

JoJo-main: ,I'm pretty sure I saw you smack four of them.

Kane: What? Did you just say, "by the way"?

Josu: Four of them, huh? Well, that should be enough.

Josu: Four sh*ts should be plenty.

Kane: What are you two talking about?!

Josu: You said they were reflecting.

Josu: You said the Stand's energy was reflecting like billiard balls to att*ck me.

Kane: What about it, Josuke?!

Josu: My Stand is Shining Diamond.

Josu: I'm sure the old man in the photograph told you,

JoJo-main: ,but its power is to fix things and energies that have been destroyed.

Kane: Fix... Did you say "fix"?

JoJo-main: ,What are you saying you fixed?!

Kane: Are you saying that you actually had the chance to fix something just now?

Kane: You idiot!

Miki: You fixed the energies that were reflecting

Miki: and returned them to where they originated.

Iki: Josuke, I thought you were defeated,

JoJo-main: ,but I guess you had already won.

Kane: I-Impossible...

Josu: It looks like the line you were supposed to say was "impossible," after all.

Kane: I'm really sorry.

JoJo-main: ,I started living on this pylon because I disliked other people.

Kane: But the old guy in the photograph

JoJo-main: ,said that if I could trap even one Stand user here,

Kane: he would look after me so I could live in the outside world,

Kane: and I ended up going along with it...

Kane: Please! Will you let me go back to this pylon?

JoJo-main: ,I never want to leave here again.

Kane: I want to stay in here forever.

JoJo-main: ,I'll never think about leaving the pylon ever again.

Nar: New Morioh landmark: the guy who lives on a pylon.

Sign: Morioh Landmark No. : The Guy Who Lives on a Pylon

Nar: He lives completely self-sufficiently,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,but if you bring him salt or snacks,

Nar: he'll be happy and let you take pictures with him.

Nar: He's a bit shy, so he wears a mask

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,and won't tell you his real name.

Josu: More importantly, about the old guy in the photograph...

Josu: Did he say anything?

Josu: Like where his son, Yoshikage Kira,might be, or anything else?

Kane: Is there a Stand user named Koichi here in Morioh?

Josu: What about Koichi?!

Kane: Listen, the old guy in the photograph just happened to randomly

JoJo-main: ,mention it when he was talking.

Kane: I didn't ask too much about it, and he didn't go into detail.

Oku: Well, what did he say about Koichi?!

Kane: He said that he's been eliminated.

Josu: What?!

Kane: It seems the old guy in the photograph

JoJo-main: ,had already found his son Yoshikage Kira's whereabouts.

Kane: He said it wasn't just about protecting his son anymore,

Kane: and that he was going to start attacking, as well.

Kane: And this morning, a brand new Stand user eliminated a Stand user named Koichi...

Kane: That's all he said.

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM

Kino: Hmm... This is rather...

Kino: Whoa! Th-This door will be about , yen!

Kino: And the design is from the Victorian and Edwardian eras!

Kino: It uses materials made in England, too...

Kino: This is going to cost quite a bit.

Roha: He said he didn't want anyone to see his back...

Roha: Was he acting like that on his way to my house, as well?

Roha: Here you go.

Kno: Oh, thank you.

Roha: Please, before it gets cold.

Kino: Oh, don't mind me.

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM

Kosa: I need to control myself...

Kosa: Not yet...

 ,Sh

 ,Shi

 ,Shini

 ,Shinin

 ,Shining

 ,Shining D

 ,Shining Di

 ,Shining Dia

 ,Shining Diamo

 ,Shining Diamon

 ,Shining Diamond

Sign: Jo

Sign: Josuke

Sign: Josuke Higashi

Sign: Josuke Higashikata

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM

Kane: I hope they're able to find Koichi safely...

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM

Oku: ! He's nowhere! Not at home, school,

Oku: or anywhere!

Oku: Koichi! Koichi!

Oku: Where are you, Koichi?!

Oku: I'm not giving up!

JoJo-main: ,I'll find you, whatever it takes, Koichi!

Josu: That's what's going on.

Josu: So I was wondering if you would use your sense of smell

JoJo-main: ,and tracking abilities to help me find Koichi,

Jjosu: Yuya Fungami.

Josu: I'll fix your injuries. This is a trade-off.

Josu: A trade-off?

Yuya: You can't be serious, Josuke! Don't underestimate me!

Yuya: You're the one who put me in this condition, and I'll never forgive you!

Yuya: Do you think that my pride would actually allow me to help you?

Josu: I guess it's a no, after all.

JoJo-main: ,I thought it was useless to begin with.

Josu: Well, see you around. I don't have time to waste.

Yuya: Wait, huh?! You're gonna back off that easily?

Yuya: W-Wait a second, hey!

Yuya: Come on, haggle with me a little more.

Yuya: Okay, fine! I'll help you out!

Yuya: Come on, now, ...

Yuya: If I keep acting tough,

JoJo-main: ,I'll just be in the hospital longer. The only one losing out is me.

Yuya: I can't be nice to my girls with my body in this condition,

Yya: so I'm getting worried and lonely lately,

JoJo-main: ,thinking that they might leave me.

Yuya: This all happened because I got into an accident to begin with,

Yuya: so I've got nothing against you.

Yuya: So hurry up and fix me up, will ya?

Yuya: These injuries are k*lling me!

Josu: I already fixed you up using Shining Diamond.

Yuya: Huh?

Yua: You know...

Yuya: I really am a hot, beautiful guy.

Yuya: Saying that I resemble a Michelangelo sculpture would be putting it lightly.

Yuya: But you know, I think my eyes are a bit droopier than before...

Yuya: Can your Stand actually fix me up %?

Josu: Stop complaining!

JoJo-main: ,More importantly, just how well does your sense of smell work?

Yuya: Let's see... I mean,

JoJo-main: ,I don't want you to think of me like some hunting dog, but...

Sfx: Sniff

Sfx: Sniff

Sfx: Sniff

Yuya: For example, I can tell that three girls are walking up the hall right now.

Yuya: This smell is Reiko, Akemi, and Yoshie.

Yuya: They're my groupies.

Yuya: And I can also tell they're coming here from the pachinko parlor.

Rei: Yu! How are you feeling?

Ake: Ah, Yu! Yu is out of bed!

Yuya: Yo.

Yosh: Are you all better, Yu?

All: Yu!

Yuya: There, there, my cute little kittens.

Rei: You're Josuke!

Ake: What are you doing here?

JoJo-main: ,Looking for an ass whooping?

Yuya: Hey, stop. I have nothing against Josuke anymore.

Yuya: More importantly, you guys were just playing pachinko, right?

Rei: Huh?

Yosh: How did you know?

Yuya: Your skirts reek of sweat around the ass.

Yuya: The only reason you guys would sit on a vinyl chair

JoJo-main: ,for a long time would be pachinko.

Yuya: Akemi, you have chocolate?

Yuya: You won at pachinko, didn't you?

Ake: You're right! You're amazing, Yu.

Ake: Here, these are for you.

Yuya: As you can see,

Yuya: I'm the man I am because of these girls.

Yuya: You fixed my injuries, so I'll help you out.

Josu: You said you're not like a hunting dog?

Josu: You're more than that, Yuya Fungami!

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Kino: What's the matter?

JoJo-main: ,The floor upstairs is also burnt, right?

Kino: I'll give you an estimate, so please, go ahead.

Woha: What's with him?

Roha: Why does he go to such lengths to hide his back?

Roha: What's going to happen if I see it?

Roha: I-I want to see it!

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,At this point, I can't help wanting to look!

Roha: Even if it means tricking him...

Roha: Oh, it itches... It itches...

Roha: But I can't quite reach it.

Roha: Would it be rude if I asked someone I just met to scratch my back?

Kino: That's fine...

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Josu: This is it.

JoJo-main: ,This is where we found just Koichi's bag lying on the ground.

Josu: Koichi's house is less than two minutes away.

Josu: How did this new Stand user att*ck

JoJo-main: ,Koichi and take him away on his way to school?

Josu: No one saw him.

Yuya: Josuke...

Yuya: Our deal doesn't include me fighting, right?

Yuya: You just want me to track, right?

Yuya: I don't have to fight the enemy, right, Josuke?

Josu: Why are you asking that now?

Yuya: You were already being followed.

Yuya: It's that man.

Yuya: I smell the same scent as Koichi from that man.

Yuya: He has something of Koichi's on him!

Josu: What? That one over there?

Josu: Wait! Come back here!

Josu: You! What did you do to Koichi?!

Josu: M-Mom?

Josu: Mom!

Josu: This is definitely my mom.

Josu: She's unconscious, but she's alive.

Yuya: I was watching from here, but I couldn't tell...

Yuya: When did he change into Josuke's mom?

Yuya: I heard that Jotaro can stop time for two seconds,

Yuya: but this is nothing like that!

Yuya: Jotaro wouldn't be able to bring in a random person from nowhere!

Josu: If he had come after me directly,

Josu: I wouldn't have minded just knocking him out...

Josu: But that villain went after my mom...

Josu: Guys like that are unforgivable!

Josu: Guys who play dirty tricks like this!

Josu: Yuya! Where is he?

JoJo-main: ,Where'd the villain disappear to?!

Yuya: If you were touching him and don't know,

Yuya: then how would I know?

Yuya: B-But he's still here, Josuke...

Yuya: He's nearby. His scent hasn't cleared yet!

Teru: Hmm... Yuya Fungami, huh?

Teru: It's a bit surprising that his nose works that well.

Teru: Though I was fine with getting caught when I started following him, anyway.

Teru: I was planning on bringing out Josuke's mother, either way...

Teru: In order to observe Josuke.

Teru: Observe...

Teru: My Stand, Misterioso, observes.

Teru: Misterioso carefully observes Koichi Hirose and your mother, as well.

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM

Tomo: That kid seriously pisses me off.

Tomo: I'll just eat his pudding, then!

Tomo: Josuke! So you were still home.

Tomo: You're here, right?

Sign: These areyour panties

Teru: Everyone feels fear.

Teru: It's no use trying to hide your feelings or expressions of fear.

Teru: The fear that lies deep within one's heart

Teru: can never be erased...

Teru: No matter who you are.

Tomo: Wh-Who are you? How did you get in here?

Teru: I just figured it out now by watching you,

Teru: but you seem to have a habit of

JoJo-main: ,swallowing your saliva when you're scared, don't you?

Teru: Everyone shows some kind of subconscious sign when they're scared.

Teru: A habit displayed when they're truly scared...

Teru: Have you never realized it?

Tomo: I'm asking you who you are!

Tomo: I'm not giving you any money!

JoJo-main: ,Get out of here!

Teru: Do I look like a burglar to you?

JoJo-main: ,I don't want your money. Actually, I'd prefer to pay you.

Teru: After all, I'm having so much fun right now.

Teru: I'm having such fun with the attention you're giving me.

Teru: The fact that you're giving me attention out of fear, that is.

Sign: Gulp

Teru: Oh? You swallowed again, didn't you?

Teru: See? You just swallowed again!

Teru: That's definitely the sign that you're scared!

Teru: And once the sign of your fear is discovered,

Teru: my Misterioso completes its invincible att*ck!

Teru: I was able to turn Tomoko Higashikata,

Sign: TomokoHigashikata

Teru: as well as Koichi Hirose, into paper with ease!

Sgn: KoichiHirose

Teru: When I slightly startled Koichi on his way to school,

Teru: his sign of fear was blinking twice.

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,I could tell immediately.

Josu: Yuya, I'm asking you where the scent is coming from!

Teru: No matter how tough Josuke is, I thought that he'd

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,be scared if I brought out his mom all of a sudden, but...

Teru: Sure enough, I saw Josuke's sign.

Teru: Josuke definitely bites his lower lip when he's scared!

sign___Ba_dump,Sfx: Ba-dump

Teru: The next time Josuke gets scared and shows that sign,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Misterioso will eliminate Josuke from this world!

Josu: Yuya, you keep looking at my mom.

Josu: Could it be...

Josu: Is it this jacket? Is there something inside the pockets?

Josu: I don't know what kind of Stand it is, but is it in this pocket?

Teru: Oh? Is he going to bite his lower lip?!

Teru: Come on, bite it!

Josu: Yuya, answer me! Is he in here?!

Teru: ! Looks like he's not scared yet.

Yuya: Josuke, I didn't promise to help you fight.

Yuya: I only promised I would track.

Yuya: Going any further is way too dangerous.

Yuya: I accepted this deal because you fixed my injuries,

Yuya: but only a fool would put himself in danger after that.

Yuya: I'm sorry, but that guy is too creepy!

Josu: Then I'll have to see for myself.

Josu: There's nothing in there. Both pockets are empty.

Josu: Other than this piece of paper...

Yuya: The scent is no longer in the pocket...

Yuya: Could it be...

Yuya: Don't! If I were you, I wouldn't unfold that piece of paper!
Josu: There's nothing in there. Both pockets are empty.

Josu: Other than this piece of paper...

Yuya: The scent is no longer in the pocket...

Yuya: Could it be...

Josu: It's just a plain, white piece of paper.

Josu: What?!

Sfx: Blam

Yuya: J-Josuke!

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Sfx: S{\c&HCF&}w{\c&HDD&}i{\c&HB&}p

Roha: Now you've done it!

JoJo-main: ,You should really be more careful.

Roha: I told you that the floor up here was burnt, too, didn't I?

Roha: I don't see anything out of the ordinary.

JoJo-main: ,It's a perfectly fine back...

Masa: I-It's over... I'm finished...

Masa: I don't know why,

JoJo-main: ,but I have this fear that if someone sees it, it's all over!

Roha: H-Hey...

Masa: I'm already finished!

Roha: C-Calm down.

Roha: I'm sorry.

Roha: I just couldn't hold back my curiosity...

Roha: What?!

Roha: That's a Stand att*ck!

JoJo-main: ,There's a Stand on his back?!

Roha: If there is, then even if I read him with Heaven's Door...

Roha: I see. No wonder there was nothing written.

Roha: This architect had already been att*cked before he came here.

Roha: This architect was a victim

Roha: of the enemy Stand that's going to att*ck me.

Trap: Carry me on your back.

Roha: It's here! The enemy Stand is here!

Trap: Carry me on your back. Okay?

Trap: Carry me on your back.

Trap: On your back... Carry me on your back, okay?

Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Guy: These are all the people missing from Morioh, including runaways.

JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episode     July th (Thurs), Part 

Guy: These are all from after Kira disappeared, so there aren't that many.

Jose: So there's a possibility that Kira's victims might be among them.

Jojo: I'm not sure about that, but the possibility exists.

Jojo: What's important is to not miss any of his movements.

Jojo: If a guy holding his breath makes even the slightest movement,

JoJo-main: ,there will be some kind of change.

Sign: <M Prefecture S City, Missing Persons List>

Sign: *Address, contact informationavailable on a separate sheet.

Sign: Sex: FemaleAge: S City M Community College First-year.Family includes father, mother,younger sister, and younger brother.Ran away from home after an argumentwith her father in July, and moved inwith her boyfriend, Satoru Nakae.A missing persons report was filedthe th of the same month.She keeps in contact with her mother.Dating Minako Okura.A third-year at T University. years old.

Jojo: No matter what.

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Trap: Carry me on your back, okay?

JoJo-main: ,Carry me on your back.

Roha: Heaven's Door!

Trap: Carry me on your back, okay?

JoJo-main: ,Carry me on your back.

Roha: What?! I-It can't be...

Roha: Has it possessed my back?

Roha: Did it transfer to me because I saw the architect's back?

Roha: !

Trap: Burn the pictures...

Trap: Hey, burn the pictures.

Roha: Pictures?

Trap: Burn them, okay? Burn away those pictures...

Roha: What are you talking about?

Roha: The pictures I took...

Roha: Could it be there's one among them

JoJo-main: ,that might get us closer to Yoshikage Kira,

Roha: and you're here to get rid of it?

Trap: Just burn all of them, okay? Burn them away, okay?

Roha: Shut up!

Roha: Heaven's Door!

Roha: Let's see...

JoJo-main: ,If I read about who you are and write in some orders...

Roha: Ow!

Roha: What?!

Trap: I'm a Stand that was born when

JoJo-main: ,Masazo Kinoto's back was pierced with an arrow...

JoJo-main: ,Cheap Trap.

Trap: But my user now is you, Rohan Kishibe.

Trap: You're my user now.

Roha: Wha?!

Trap: Do you get it?

JoJo-main: ,It basically means that you're using a Stand to att*ck yourself.

Trap: You get that? Okay?

Trap: I'm a Stand with a will of my own.

Trap: Even though Masazo Kinoto created me,

JoJo-main: ,he couldn't become a Stand user that could actually control me.

Trap: He could only hear my whispers,

JoJo-main: ,and had only the fear that he mustn't let anyone see his back, okay?

Trap: Do you get it? Okay? Do you get it?

Trap: Do you get it? Okay?

Trap: My ability is to just whisper to people.

Trap: Okay? If you get it, burn the pictures.

Roha: You... Get away from me!

Roha: ! Why, you...

JoJo-main: ,How do I get you off of me?!

Trap: That's easy. You just have to show someone else.

Trap: If you show someone your back...

Trap: Okay? I'll go away and transfer over there.

Trap: You just have to show someone.

Guy: Hello, Rohan-sensei!

Guy: I always read your manga.

JoJo-main: ,Next time, could you draw a nude?

Guy: A nude girl!

Guy: Bye!

Trap: Burn the pictures, okay?

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Yuya: Josuke!

Yuya: H-He wasn't sh*t.

Josu: Y-You assh*le!

Teru: Shining Diamond, eh?

Teru: Well, looks like it's just as I heard,

JoJo-main: ,and a b*llet from a g*n won't do much...

Teru: That was scary, right? Bite it, Josuke Higashikata.

Teru: Bite your lower lip.

Teru: Are you gonna bite it?!

Teru: Bite it! Come on, just bite itand show me your sign!

Josu: So this is his Stand?

JoJo-main: ,Pretty crappy-looking Stand, just like the old man in the picture!

Teru: Not going to bite it yet, I see...

Teru: Looks like he's covering up his fear with anger.

Teru: I guess I have no choice. I'll have to show myself.

Josu: You've got some nerve, you assh*le!

Yuya: This is it... This creepiness.

Yuya: He's been hiding all this time, so why is he coming out now?

Yuya: He showed up on purpose.

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,He showed up on purpose so you would att*ck him!

Yuya: He's dangerous... He's too dangerous, Josuke!

Teru: True... My Stand's ability might be a crappy one.

Teru: But if I were to explain my ability to you...

Teru: I can make various things

Teru: into paper and file them away, and it's extremely useful.

Tteru: And this paper is Koichi Hirose.

Josu: You... So that's where you were hiding Koichi!

Yuyua: That's Koichi's scent.

Yuya: He didn't have something of Koichi's... He had Koichi himself!

Teru: He's alive, of course, because my Stand ability is a crappy one.

Teru: I don't have the power or ability to k*ll someone.

Teru: Though that's not the case if someone rips it up, like I did just now.

Josu: I'll let you off the hook with just an ass-kicking

Josu: if you bring Koichi back here right now.

Teru: Just try and get him...

Teru: If you can.

Sign: Koichi Hirose

Josu: Koichi!

Teru: Because my Stand ability is a crappy one.

Teru: I don't have the power or ability to k*ll someone.

Teru: Though that's not the case if someone rips it up.

Yuya: That's the trap!

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,If it were me, I wouldn't go after that paper.

Yuya: Josuke, ignore it.

Enig: You bit it! You finally bit it!

Enig: Misterioso was waiting for this moment, Josuke Higashikata!

Mist: It was waiting for the moment you bit your lip!

Josu: You...

Teru: You showed your sign of fear!

Teru: No matter how you resist, once you've shown your fear,

Teru: you're powerless before Misterioso.

Sfx: Thud

Yuya: I feel bad for Josuke, but I'm glad I didn't help him.

Yuya: If I had helped him, that guy would have probably

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,gotten rid of me first, since I can find scents.

Teru: Do you understand now that there's no power

JoJo-main: ,in the world that can stop Misterioso?

Teru: Wh-What?

Yuya: That metal rod is fixed...

JoJo-main: ,He's trying to use that power to get out.

Josu: That paper there

JoJo-main: ,is probably not the paper that Koichi's trapped in.

Josu: I knew it was just bait with the name"Koichi Hirose" written on it.

Josu: That's because the only reason you were confident enough to show yourself

Josu: was because you were holding Koichi as a hostage,

Josu: and it's because he's alive that you can thr*aten me.

Josu: I knew that piece of paper was a trap...

Josu: It was, wasn't it?

Josu: But the reason I still tried to save that piece of paper

Josu: was because there was still a possibility that it was Koichi.

Josu: If there's even a % chance that it's Koichi,

Josu: then my only choice is to try to save him!

Josu: Misterioso, you win.

JoJo-main: ,Looks like this is as far as Shining Diamond's powers go.

Josu: However, let me just warn you of one thing...

Josu: If you turn me into paper,

JoJo-main: ,you should immediately rip me up and get rid of me.

Josu: If I'm able to come back from this, I will k*ll you!

Teru: L-Look at you, talking big...

Teru: You weren't a big deal at all.

Sign: Koichi Hirose

Teru: Yuya Fungami, huh?

Teru: Not helping out Josuke was a very smart thing to do.

Teru: I could have gotten rid of you easily.

Teru: Your sign of fear is to poke atyour chin with your fingers.

Teru: But the old man in the picture didn't tell me to get rid of you,

Teru: so I guess you get to stay alive.

Teru: That's the smart thing to do.

Teru: Want to hear something interesting about this paper?

Teru: Anyone can take out what'sinside if they open it.

Teru: It's a very simple thing to do, but it's quite hard for someone who's in fear.

Teru: To Morioh Grand Hotel.

Dad: All right! We got rid of Koichi Hirose and Josuke Higashikata!

Dad: Right about now, Rohan Kishibe should also be...

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Roha: Which is it?

Roha: Which picture has something to do with Yoshikage Kira?

Roha: Which picture is the old man inthe photo trying to get rid of?

Trap: Burn them, okay? Burn them.

Roha: It's no use...

JoJo-main: ,Right now, there aren't enough clues.

Trap: So let's burn the pictures, okay?

Roha: Shut up! You're annoying!

Roha: ! I have to let them know...

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,I have to let someone know about this thing.

Signtop: Mis

Signtop: Miste

Signtop: Misterio

Signtop: Misterioso

Signbot: Teru

Signbot: Terunosu

Signbot: Terunosuke

Signbot: Terunosuke Miya

Signbot: Terunosuke Miyamoto

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Guy: Er, that was Morioh Grand Hotel, right?

Teru: Yeah, that's right.

Guy: Are you spending the night?

Teru: No, there's a lot there, so...

Teru: A lot there, indeed...

Hs: No...

Hs: You won't be going to Morioh Grand Hotel.

Yuya: Josuke, ! Trying to play it cool...

Yuya: If, just if, as stupid as this is, if the one turned into paper

JoJo-main: ,was one of my girls who makes me smile every day...

Yuya: If it was any one of my girls,

JoJo-main: ,I would have done the same thing!

Hs: Letting you or Yoshikage Kira live in this town would be totally uncool.

Hs: Hand over Koichi!

Teru: What you're doing right now isn't the smart thing to do.

Teru: So you're saying that you want to fight me?

Teru: You're saying that you're going to make Kira's dad your enemy?

Teru: Very well!

Yuya: , ,  kilometers...

Yuya: Though it lacks power, my Highway Go Go will never stop its pursuit.

Yuya: The taxi stopped...

Yuya: Even though it's not at the hotel yet.

Yuya: No one's gotten out of the taxi yet.

Yuya: His scent is emanating strongly from the car...

Yuya: But where is he? Where is he hiding?

Hs: The scent of this paper...

Hs: There's no doubt about it!

Hs: This paper smells like Koichi and Josuke!

Yuya: Wait, Highway Go Go! Don't open the door just yet.

Yuya: That one is underestimating me.

JoJo-main: ,This must be another trap.

Yuya: So he's trying to lure me in, huh?

Yuya: Very well, I accept!

Yuya: I said I would do it!

Yuya: He's after my fear.

Yuya: How is he going to try to scare me?

Yuya: I need to find that out.

Yuya: What? What is this piece of paper stuck in the door?

Yuya: Underestimating me again. This scent...

Yuya: This piece of paper is the trap.

JoJo-main: ,I figured out what kind of trap it is.

Yuya: Open the door, Highway Go Go.

Sfx: Foom

Yuya: To think he can turn flames into paper, too...

Yuya: But I saw through the trap!

JoJo-main: ,Josuke, Koichi, I'll save the two of you!

Yuya: But I smell something other than Josuke and Koichi...

Yuya: This looks dangerous to just go ahead and open.

Yuya: What is this?

Yuya: A scent I've never smelled before is moving around.

Yuya: It's faint, but it's moving inside the paper...

Yuya: What?!

Yuya: Crap! Highway Go Go!

Yuya: Wh-What is this liquid?

Yuya: I-Is it some kind of chemical?

JoJo-main: , it, it's one thing after another...

Yuya: W-Wait...

JoJo-main: ,I smell iron from inside there.

Yuya: C-Calm down. What he's after is my fear.

Yuya: If he manages to scare me, he wins.

Yuya: Iron...

JoJo-main: ,What is it? A machine?

Yuya: !

Yuya: I have no choice but to open it!

Yuya: Josuke! Koichi!

Sign: Koichi Hirose

Sign: Josuke Higashikata

Yuya: Th-That's an electrical current.

JoJo-main: ,He's even got electricity inside the paper!

Yuya: The smell of machinery that I couldsmell from this paper was...

Yuya: A...

JoJo-main: ,A shredder!

Yuya: It won't turn off!

Yya: Josuke and Koichi are getting sucked in!

Yuya: ! Highway Go Go!

Yuya: I-It's no use.

JoJo-main: ,Highway Go Go's powers can't destroy this thing to stop it!

Yuya: Josuke! Koichi!

Teru: You finally touched it, Yuya Fungami.

Teru: You finally got scared and touched your chin...

JoJo-main: ,You look pathetic.

Teru: It was so easy to scare you, Yuya Fungami!

Teru: There's no one that Misterioso can't turn into paper!

Teru: No matter who it is, it can do it easily!

Yuya: Easy? That's why it's so great!

Yuya: It turns anyone into paper instantly...

Yuya: That's why it's great!

Yuya: I lost. You really freaked me out.

Yuya: But I'll gladly declare my defeat.

Yuya: Because, now that I'm athin piece of paper,

JoJo-main: ,I can stick my hand inside the shredder!

Teru: What did you just pull out?!

Teru: Don't you dare open up that piece of paper!

Yuya: I'll gladly turn into a piece of paper.

Sign: Josuke Higashikata

Sign: Koichi Hirose

Josu: Yuya Fungami... You're...

Josu: actually sorta cool, after all.

Teru: Josuke Higashikata... Koichi Hirose...

Teru: S-Stay back, Josuke! Look at this paper!

Teru: I-I'll rip it!

JoJo-main: ,Yuya Fungami is in this piece of paper!

Act: Act !  Freeze!

Teru: S-So heavy...

Josu: Let's see, what was it?

JoJo-main: ,There was something that I was supposed to remember about you...

Josu: Oh, that's right. I remember.

JoJo-main: ,I said that I would k*ll you.

Josu: That's right... I definitely said that.

Josu: I said I would never forgive guys like you, right?

Josu: Guys like you

JoJo-main: ,who take hostages and try to thr*aten people emotionally...

Teru: W-Wait a minute!

Teru: I just liked observing other people getting scared!

Teru: I just recently got this Stand, so I got cocky.

Teru: I-I apologize. I feel really bad.

Josu: There's something I realized after watching you...

Teru: Huh?

Josu: You have a habit of closing one eye when you get scared, don't you?

Josu: That's a habit, right?

Josu: But...

Josu: When you're even more scared, you close both.

Josu: You like observing? Then keep doing it.

Josu: Quietly and calmly keep observing.

Teru: I-I'm a book...

Nar: The Misterioso boy, Terunosuke Miyamoto,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,became a book and is thus unable to fight.

Nar: Josuke didn't read the contents of the book,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,but the book is at Morioh Library.

Nr: If you give the staff the title "Misterioso,"

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,they'll bring it for you, though you can't take it home.

Nar: When reading this book, you sometimes feel like you can hear a voice.

Josu: Well, that's that.

Sign: MoriohLibrary

Josu: Or probably not at all.

Koi: Maybe this means that we're getting closer to Yoshikage Kira.

Josu: Though we don't know anything.

Yosh: Curses... Those resilient!

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Trap: It's no use calling for help.

Trap: Hurry up and burn the pictures, okay?

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Jojo: All right, I'm heading out for a bit.

Jose: Where are you going?

Jojo: To find out what he's going to do even quicker,

Jojo: I'll check out the surroundings of the missing people listed here.

Jojo: People cannot escape the fate into which they were born.

Jojo: He'll definitely make his move.

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Haya: I'm going to film it...

Haya: I'll film the proof that Dad isn't Dad.

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,No matter what.
Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Roha: It's open. Come in.

Koi: Rohan-sensei?

Koi: Where...

Roha: Over here, Koichi.

Koi: Rohan-sensei!

Koi: What's wrong? You wouldn't explain anything over the phone...

Roha: I'd like you to help me.

Roha: I'm being att*cked by an enemy Stand.

Koi: What?!

Koi: A S-Stand? Where is it? Where?!

Roha: It's on my back. It's possessed my back.

Koi: Your back?

Koi: Um... Your back is being att*cked?

Roha: Yes. It's a very dangerous Stand. I'm not sure what I should do.

Koi: Could you show it to me?

Roh: I cannot.

Koi: But if you don't show it to me...

Roha: If I show it to you, it'll k*ll me and transfer over to you!

Thing: Hurry up and burn them, okay?

Roha: See? It's talking! It's this thing, Koichi!

Koi: Huh?

Koi: Why are you hiding it?!

Koi: Did you call me over here just to mess with me?

Roha: What are you talking about?!

Roha: I already told you. If I show you my back, I'll die!

Koi: But you're always messing with me, Sensei.

Koi: So that is what's going on.

Roha: No! I'm being serious right now!

Roha: There's a corpse upstairs!

Koi: Huh? A c-corpse?!

Koi: Um... What are you doing, Sensei?

Roha: Climb over me, and go ahead.

Roha: Please, please, go ahead. Please!

Koi: Seriously, what's with you?

Roha: Well? Do you believe me now?

Roha: It's gone!

Roha: That's impossible...

Roha: Right here, Koichi!

Roha: Look, Koichi! This is Masazo Kinoto!

Roha: He had the life sucked out of him, and he dried up!

Koi: Wow, that's amazing. You did a great job making that.

Koi: But this is no time to be joking around, Sensei!

Koi: The Stand users made by the old man in the picture are really after us.

Koi: So I rushed over here, thinking that something might've happened to you, too!

Roha: What?

Roha: Then this thing...

Koi: Anyway, just be careful.

Koi: Bye.

Roha: W-Wait, Koichi!

Roha: I asked you to come becauseI knew them

Roha: Josuke and Okuyasu wouldn't believe me!

Roha: You have to believe me! We're friends, aren't we?!

Roha: Koichi!

Trap: Don't be down, okay? Even though this has gotta hurt...

Roha: I, Rohan Kishibe, have never faced such humiliation...

Roha: You. You'll regret this...

JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Kira: Lately, my nails are growing fast again.

JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episode     July th (Thurs), Part 

Kira: Too fast.

Kira: That woman running her fingers throughher prized, well-cared-for hair...

Kira: Congratulations. You get to live longer. I'll hold off on picking you right now.

Kira: Until I can completely blend into Kosaku Kawajiri's lifestyle.

Girl: So, every time I leave,

Girl: my dad, like, totally follows me in secret, or comes snooping around.

Guy: You're going out at night too much.

Girl: And whose fault is that?

Girl: I got super annoyed, so I totally stole something in front of him on purpose.

Gil: And then I went straight to your place.

Guy: Seriously? They've probably got the cops looking for you now.

Girl: Hey... What are you touching my bag for?

Guy: What's wrong?

Girl: Don't worry about it. It's nothing.

Guy: What are you, a pickpocket? A groper? What a joke.

Ann: Morioh. Morioh.

Guy: Oh, crap! This is Morioh.

Guy: Come on, we're getting off.

Guy: Ow...

Guy: What?

Guy: Watch where you're going when you get off the train!

Girl: Hey, did you see that? He had a bowling pin nail clipper.

Girl: A bowling pin nail clipper, in this day and age... What a geek.

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Trap: Do you have the pictures?

Trap: Hey, where are you going with the pictures?

Roha: Morioh Grand Hotel. That's the only place I can go now.

Trap: To where Jotaro is? It doesn't matter where you go, okay?

Trap: Just give up and burn the pictures.

Trap: Well done...

Trap: Even though you don't know who could be watching from which window.

Trap: This is dangerous.

Trap: There, you see? Every street has an intersection.

Trap: See? There's no way you can cross.

Trap: Someone will see your back for sure.

Trap: The road's just going to get wider, and there will be even more people.

Trap: So let's just not go! Okay?

Trap: There's no way you can cross.

Roha: You think so?

Roha: Masazo Kinoto came all the way to my house.

Roha: He must have crossed an intersection, as well.

Roha: I just have to figure out how he crossed it.

Roha: And he did it... like this!

Roha: This is ridiculously embarrassing, but I can make it to the station this way.

Trap: Yeah, not bad, Rohan Kishibe.

Trap: But you've forgotten something.

Trap: When Masazo Kinoto was crossing, I didn't interfere with him!

Trap: Hey, jackass! Why are you walking so slow?

Guy: The hell did you say?!

Trap: See?

Trap: Er, hey! Turn around!

Guy: What?!

Roha: You're the one forgetting something, Cheap Trap.

Roha: Masazo Kinoto didn't have this...

Roha: He didn't have Heaven's Door!

Sign: Cannot turn around for one minute.

Trap: What?!

Roha: All right. Now I should have no problem walking so that no one sees my back.

Trap: You'd better be prepared, .

Guy: Wh-What?

Trap: There's no way you're going to make it.

Trap: You're the one who's going to die with your d*ck all shriveled up.

Roha: Just keep running your mouth.

Roha: Your only ability is to talk. And that's been sealed.

Guy: Wh-Wh-Who do you think you're talking to?!

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Roha: Looks like there aren't any big intersections for a while.

Trap: Hey, can you use your Heaven's Door ability on animals, too?

Roha: Yeah, if the animal has any intelligence.

Trap: So that means if an animal sees your back, I can transfer over to them, too!

Trap: Even easier than humans, huh?

Roha: True. I have to be careful of these guys, too.

Roha: I hate cats.

Roha: They glare at you.

Roha: Hey, move!

Oha: What?! It can't be...

Trap: So one of these guys just has to glance at your back, right?

Trap: My ability is only to speak.

Trap: But, you see, humans aren't the only ones that I can talk to.

Trap: I'm the one who called them here.

Trap: They hate you.

Trap: I just told them that you love k*lling cats and dogs!

Trap: Get him!

Roha: Heaven's Door!

Roha: I-It's no use! There are too many!

Trap: I won!

Reverb:  Freeze!

Rever: These animals didn't do anything wrong.

Rever: So scram, all of you. Shoo.

Roha: Th-That Stand is...

Roha: Koichi!

Trap: What?!

Koi: I thought that you might just be messing with me,

Koi: but I was still a bit worried, so I went back,

Koi: and you were still acting weird, Rohan-sensei.

Koi: Even outside your house, you were walking with your back to walls,

Koi: and crossing the street with your back to someone else's, all by yourself.

Koi: So you really do have an enemy Stand on your back.

Roha: That's exactly what I admire so much about you...

Roha: You truly are my friend.

Koi: It's on your back, right?

Koi: I just have to remove the enemy from your back, right?

Rev: Reverb,  Freeze!

Trap: Heavy...

Roha: Y-You did it!

Trap: Aren't you a bit naïve?

Trap: I'm not sticking to your back with strength, but with my ability.

Trap: Trying to forcibly remove me from your back

Trap: means that you'll destroy your back.

Sfx: Thud

Koi: Huh?!

Trap: Go ahead and tell Koichi, okay? Hurry up and tell him!

Koi: R-Rohan-sensei?!

Roha: K-Koichi...

Roha: I'm very moved that you came here, and very grateful...

Roha: But I'd appreciate it if you'd withdraw Act .

Roha: You can't see it, but my back is starting to rip ever so slightly...

Koi: Act ! Undo the  Freeze!

Rev: S-h-i-t. Understood.

Koi: R-Rohan-sensei! A-Are...

Trap: Of course I'm not okay, Koichi Hirose!

Trap: This damage is your fault, isn't it?

Trap: Do you get it now? There's no way to get rid of me.

Trap: Peeling me off your back, Rohan,

Trap: means that you'll be peeling away your own back!

Trap: Hey...

Trap: You're just going to wear yourself out.

Trap: Either you'll pass out from exhaustion and damage first,

Trap: or you'll go crazy and k*ll yourself...

Trap: No matter how great the Stand,

Trap: they can't defeat me if my only ability is to talk!

Trap: Okay?

Koi: The Stand on your back... Just what kind of...

Sign: Large VehiclesCannot PassThrough

Roha: What kind? Do you want to see?

Roha: You want to see what kind of Stand it is?

Roha: Fine...

Roha: I'll show it to you.

Koi: R-Rohan-sensei...

Trap: Looks like you've finally lost it!

Trap: I guess you finally realized it's no use going to Jotaro, either!

Roha: Jotaro?

Roha: I wasn't heading there in the first place.

Roha: I was heading here.

Roha: I was so happy to finally make it here

Roha: that I couldn't help but laugh.

Trap: What are you yammering about?

Trap: You finally showed your back to someone!

Trap: I'm now going to possess Koichi Hirose!

Koi: Th-This place... That post box...

Roha: Cheap Trap, you turned around here.

Roha: Even if you didn't turn around because you knew what this place was,

Roha: because of your ability, you had no choice but to look Koichi's way.

Trap: Wh-What?!

Koi: The alley where Reimi is, where you can't turn around, no matter what!

Rha: It's true that if any Stand tried to getrid of you, no matter what it was,

Roha: you'd return the damage to me.

Roha: But there was something that could grasp only you...

Roha: Something that'll only take those who look back.

Roha: Something that'll only take your soul!

Trap: Let go! Okay? Let go!

Trap: Where do you think you're taking me?! Hey!

Roha: The afterlife.

Roha: I don't know if Heaven or Hell actually exist,

Roha: but just in case, I'll write it in for you.

Sign: Going to Hell

Roha: It wouldn't do anything except talk, but that was one intense Stand.

Roha: Koichi, if you hadn't come,

Roha: I wouldn't have made it here,and it would have k*lled me.

Koi: But since I was so focused on that thing,

Koi: I had no idea we'd end up here.

Koi: Reimi!

Rei: Did you take these pictures, Rohan?

Roha: I did.

Rei: Something bothers me about them...

Sign: Hayato Kawajiri

Sign: Kosaku KawajiriFamily of 

Sign: C

Sign: Ch

Sign: Che

Sign: Chea

Sign: Cheap

Sign: Cheap T

Sign: Cheap Tr

Sign: Cheap Tra

Sign: Cheap Trap

Sign: Masa

Sign: Masazo

Sign: Masazo Kinoto

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Girl: So, like, Mika

Girl: got her boyfriend to buy her some expensive brand earrings.

Girl: Buy some for me, too!

Guy: Next time.

Guy: What do you think you're doing in my apartment?!

Guy: Hey, get out!

Kosa: Hm... A one-room apartment...

Kosa: I am Yoshikage Kira. Would you be kind enough to tell me your name?

Kosa: My nails are quite long, aren't they?

Kosa: Look how long they are.

Kosa: Is there anyone who can actually stop their nails from growing?

Osa: There isn't.

Kosa: Just as no one can stop their nails from growing,

Kosa: you cannot stop the destiny you were born with.

Kosa: I believe I asked for your name...

Girl: M-My boyfriend... What did you do to my—

Kosa: Don't answer a question with a question!

Kosa: Didn't they teach you in school not to answer a question with a question?!

Kosa: I'm asking you what your name is!

Girl: M-Minako! M-M-Minako!

Kosa: Minako...

Kosa: Your parents gave you a beautiful name.

Kosa: I like it.

Kosa: Minako, I have a request.

Kosa: It would make me happy if you would hold these.

Kosa: I want you to cut my nails with these geeky nail clippers.

Kosa: You've never cut someone else's nails?

Kosa: There's a first time for everything.

Kosa: Be careful not to cut them too short.

Girl: Help... Please...

Girl: Help... Forgive me...

Kosa: Forgive you?

Kosa: Now, wait a minute.

Kosa: I'm not angry or anything.

Kosa: This is something I enjoy.

Kosa: I chose you because you suited my taste, as well.

Kosa: I was born with these tastes, so I'm just trying to act positively about it.

Kosa: Positively...

Kosa: It sounded like you were asking your boyfriend for some earrings.

Kosa: Here, he left these for you.

Kosa: It's a present.

Kosa: You're very good at cutting nails. I like that about you, too.

Kosa: And you are truly adorable when you don't talk.

Kosas: What to do, Minako...

Koa: I want to take you home with me,

Kosa: but bringing you into the Kawajiri home would be risky.

Kosa: Still, this is refreshing... This is truly refreshing!

Haya: Th-The man and woman he followed from the station...

Haya: He k*lled them and made them disappear!

Kou: That's... Hayato.

Kou: What is he doing in a place like this?

Kou: This is the opposite direction from the house and his school...

Kou: What's that?

Kou: I didn't lock the door...

Kou: Hayato... He...

Kou: It couldn't be.

Haya: He's not human... What is that thing that's disguised as my dad?

Jjo: There's evidence that they've been back here.

Jojo: And there are blood stains on the floor.

Jojo: Did he finally make his move?

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Kou: The thing in Hayato's hand was definitely a handy cam.

Kou: It doesn't seem to be in this room right now...

Kou: Hayato...

Kou: He's been acting weird ever since the other day.

Kou: I have to find out what Hayato was doing.

Kou: I have to find out for sure.

Haya: C-Calm down...

Haya: I have to calm down and gather my thoughts.

Haya: First, this videotape...

Haya: Should I show it to someone?

Haya: I can't show it to Mom!

Haya: Mom totally trusts him.

Haya: Should I show it to the police?

Haya: Would they believe that a person got blown up and then disappeared?

Haya: More importantly, he's not human...

Haya: Could the police even catch someone like him?

Haya: No... Does anyone even exist in this world who could catch him?

Haya: What should I do?

Haya: Mom and I are going to be k*lled eventually.

Haya: What am I supposed to do?!

Kou: Do you mind if I join you...

Kou: in the bath, Hayato?

Kou: It's been a while.

Haya: I-I'm gonna head out now.

Kou: Oh, come on.

Kou: We're family, after all...

Haya: Wh-What does he want?

Haya: I'll be in trouble if he finds this tape.

Kou: I'm sorry, Hayato, but could you let go of the bucket?

Kou: I want to draw some water and wash my body.

Haya: I-I'll wash your back for you, Dad!

Kou: That's a great idea.

Kou: But I'll wash your back first.

Kou: You're the one who got in first. I'll wash yours first, then we can switch.

Kou: Now, sit down.

Ku: What's the matter? You seem to be sweating quite a bit.

Kosa: Did you get get too hot?

Haya: Y-Yeah...

Kou: Then why are you shivering?

Kou: Isn't it strange to shiver if you're overheated?

Haya: You're tickling me, Dad!

Haya: You should know that I've always been ticklish!

Kou: You're... right.

Kou: You've always been ticklish, Hayato.

Haya: I-I'll wash my front...

Kou: I see. So you'll do it yourself.

Kou: By the way, I just remembered...

Kou: This evening,

Kou: I was around the Jozenji area that's in the opposite direction from home,

Kosa: and I saw you.

Haya: Huh?!

Kou: With a video camera!

Kou: What were you doing?

Kou: Now I know for sure!

Kou: This little brat was watching!

Kou: This is awful... I thought I'd peacefully fit into this household...

Kou: I've had nothing but misfortune this year.

Kou: What an awful year.

Kou: k*lling this brat will draw attention to myself, and that would be very bad.

Kou: But since he saw that, I have no choice!

Kou: I just turned one of the strands of this brat's hair into a b*mb.

Kou: If I just cause a slight expl*si*n on his head,

Kou: it'll just look like he slipped and hit his head on the bath.

Kou: That's a common accident in our society.

Kou: You're going to die.

Kou: Die, brat!

Haya: Are you going to k*ll me, too?

Haya: Even though I've got video of you...

Haya: I'm even videotaping you right now!

Kou: What?

Haya: I've been suspicious of you this whole time.

Haya: Your different shoe size

Haya: and the fact that you were practicing your signature are all on tape!

Haya: I've got other tapes, too!

Haya: I even took a video of the cat-like plant you've got in the attic!

Haya: I'm the only one who knows where the tapes are!

Haya: But if something were to happen to me, I'm sure someone would find that place.

Kou: What?

Haya: Don't you dare lay a finger on me! Got it?

Kou: You little ! You dare thr*aten me?

Haya: I won't let you touch my mom, either!
Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Dad: This isn't good... This isn't good at all!

Dad: I need to let Yoshikage know!

Koi: Reimi!

Rei: You took this picture, Rohan?

Roha: Yes, why?

Rei: This one is marked. Is there something wrong with it?

Ri: The one you have circled looks a little boy.

Sign: Hayato Kawajiri

Roha: Oh, him...

Roha: It's nothing, really.

JoJo-flashback: ,He seemed to be snooping around, so he caught my attention.

Rei: But this boy, Hayato Kawajiri, has the same last name as this man here.

Roha: Huh? Really?

Rei: Look!

Sign: Kosaku Kawajiri

Rei: It's the same.

JoJo-flashback: ,You're the one who researched this, aren't you?

Roha: They do have the same last name.

Dad: At this rate, Rohan Kishibe will find his way to Yoshikage!

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Shin: Hayato? Hayato!

Shin: Ugh...

Shin: Hayato, I've been calling you!

JoJo-main: ,You can at least answer me!

Shin: D-Darling...

Shin: I thought it was Hayato in the bath.

Shin: I mean, look at this!

Shin: Hayato left his clothes in the hallway as if they exploded off of him.

Shin: Unlike you, no matter how many times I warn him, he's such a slob.

Shin: And he's not answering me again.

Shin: I'm sure he's probably got his headphones on, reading manga again.

Shin: Oh! Darling, your fingers are bleeding.

Shin: What happened?

JoJo-main: ,We need to put a bandage on it.

Kosa: I-I'll do it myself.

Kosa: I can apply a bandage myself.

JoJo-main: ,Okay...

Kosa: I just got my fingers caught in the door, that's all.

JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable

Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM

Josu: Hayato Kawajiri?

Josu: Are you saying this grade-schooler has something to do with Yoshikage Kira?

JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episode     Bites the Dust, Part 

Koi: We're not % sure yet,

JoJo-main: ,but Rohan-sensei said something bugs him about it.

Josu: True, there's something wrong if he's secretly taking videos of his dad.

Koi: So, tomorrow morning, we're thinking of meeting up

Koi: and going to visit Hayato Kawajiri's house.

Koi: Apparently, Rohan-sensei's already found the address.

Josu: That one Rohan sure works fast.

Josu: All right. I just have to invite Okuyasu, right?

Josu: And of course, there's Jotaro, too.

Koi: I'll talk to Jotaro.

Koi: All right. See you tomorrow at : AM

JoJo-main: ,at the intersection with the Pepsi sign.

Josu: Got it.

Josu: :, huh? I'm gonna be late for school.

Josu: But if we talk to this kid, we might find something out.

Shin: Are you okay?

JoJo-main: ,You're acting a bit strange, darling...

Shin: And you look pale.

Kosa: I told you, it's nothing.

JoJo-main: ,I caught my fingers in the door.

Kosa: Can you blame me for being pale?

Kosa: More importantly, can you make me some tea?

Kosa: I'll be down soon.

Shi: Of course.

Shin: This just came to me out of the blue,

Shin: but lately, I can't help but think that you're immortal.

Shin: I'll go make you that tea now.

Haya: If something happens to me, your secret's going to be found out!

Haya: Don't you lay a finger on me or my mom!

Haya: This isn't a deal!

JoJo-flashback: ,You have to listen to me! Got it?!

Kosa: You're too naïve!

JoJo-flashback: ,Do you really think I would allow that?

Dad: I can't believe you actually got rid of Hayato.

JoJo-flashback: ,What a stupid thing to do.

Kosa: I'm trying to think of what to do right now.

Dad: It's no use thinking about it.

Dad: I see you made it look likehe fell and hit his head,

JoJo-main: ,but the timing was unfortunate.

Dad: That Rohan Kishibe has started investigating Hayato Kawajiri.

Dad: They're still not positive that Kosaku Kawajiri is you,

Dad: but they're coming to check this house tomorrow.

Dad: It's a bad idea to stay in this house any longer.

Kosa: Shut up. I'm thinking right now.

Dad: Ever since you were a child, when things didn't go your way

Dad: and there was nothing you could do, you would always bite your nails.

Dad: You poor thing.

JoJo-main: ,You must be in so much despair right now.

Dad: There's no other way around it.

JoJo-main: ,You're going to have to leave this town, Yoshikage.

Dad: If you go now, you can escape to someplace they can't follow you, before they find out.

Kosa: Are you telling me to flee Morioh?

Kossa: You know very well that I'm done with living my life in fear,

Kosa: having to worry about someone coming after me!

Kosa: I will never leave this town.

Kosa: What?!

Dad: The arrow acted on its own! I didn't do anything!

Dad: I didn't even touch the arrow!

Kosa: Th-The arrow...

Dd: Y-Yoshikage!

Shi: Hayato! Hayato?!

Sign: July th (Fri)  : AM

Shin: Are you planning to sleep all day, Hayato?

Shin: Hurry up and wake—

Shin: What, you're already awake? That's a surprise.

Shin: Hayato, breakfast is ready.

JoJo-main: ,Honestly, why don't you ever answer me?

Haya: I couldn't sleep very well last night.

Haya: He... He found out that I saw him k*ll someone.

Haya: Anyway, I made sure that he wouldn't be able to lay a finger

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,on me or Mom, but...

Haya: What should I do now?

Dad: I-I don't understand... What happened, Yoshikage?

Dad: You've been acting strange since last night.

Dad: Listen to me, Yoshikage!

Dad: That Rohan Kishibe has started investigating Hayato Kawajiri for some reason!

Dad: They're going to come check this house tomorrow.

Kosa: There's no need to worry.

Dad: B-But, Yoshikage!

Kosa: Deadly Queen has gained a third ability.

Dad: I... I don't understand.

JoJo-main: ,What could have happened to make you so carefree?

sign____Morioh_s_Very_O,Sign: -Morioh's Very Own-

sign___Miso_stewed_Cow_,Sign: Miso-stewed Cow Tongue

Cm: Miso-stewed cow tongue.

Cast: What? No way! We're on the air already?

Cast: Er, um... It's now :, so here's the weather today for the prefecture.

Cast: Today should be sunny.

Shin: Hayato! Hey, Hayato! Answer the phone.

Haya: After that bath last night, he changed.

Haya: Wh-What could have happened?

Shin: Hayato! I asked you to answer the phone!

Shin: My precious tea set!

Shin: This is all your fault!

JoJo-main: ,Why do you always ignore me?!

Shin: Fine! You think your mother's just a bother, right?!

Shin: Do whatever you want, then!

Kira: Now, now. Let's not fight first thing in the morning.

Kira: If it broke, I'll just buy you another one.

Kira: Hello, Kawajiri residence.

Kira: No, it's not.

JoJo-main: ,They had the wrong number.

Kira: Hayato's just at an age where he doesn't want to talk much.

Kira: We're family, so we all need to get along.

Kira: You know, get along.

Kira: Well, I'll head off to work now.

Kira: Do you mind if I give you a goodbye kiss?

Shin: Huh?

Kira: I'll be off now.

Haya: H-He left...

Kira: No, I'm right here.

Kira: Why don't we walk together part of the way?

Kira: Going from feeling refreshed to falling into despair...

Kira: So much has happened lately. I've been on an emotional roller coaster.

Kira: But now I'll be able to feel at ease.

Kira: Since you cornered me last night, I was able to mature.

Kira: Really, your will last night was so strong.

Kira: To think that you would actually turn around and thr*aten me, Yoshikage Kira...

Haya: Y-Yoshikage Kira?

Kira: Did I just say my real name?

Haya: A-Are you planning to k*ll me after all?

Kira: k*ll you?

Kira: Because you found out my secret?

Kira: There's no need for that. Because I've matured.

Kira: No matter where you go and what you do with anyone,

Kira: it doesn't matter, because now, none can rival me.

Kira: I have no interest in you anymore. If I wanted to k*ll you...

Kira: I would have gotten rid of you last night.

Kira: From now on, we're all going to get along and live happily together.

Kira: So just relax... Like we're family.

Kira: Well, I have to head to the station.

JoJo-main: ,Make sure you study hard, Hayato.

Haya: Rival... He just said none can rival him...

Haya: Which means there must be others

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,that have the same kind of abilities as him.

Haya: But what's with that creepy confidence?

Haya: If he's unrivaled now, does that mean he's gained some other abilities?

Haa: What should I do?

Haya: What am I supposed to do?

Roha: You're...

JoJo-main: ,Hayato Kawajiri-kun,

Roha: aren't you?

Signtop: De

Signtop: Dead

Signtop: Deadly

Signtop: Deadly Qu

Signtop: Deadly Que

Signtop: Deadly Quee

Signtop: Deadly Queen

Signbot: Ko

Signbot: Kosaku

Signbot: Kosaku Kawa

Signbot: Kosaku Kawajiri

Sign: July th (Fri)  : AM

Roha: I've been waiting for you.

JoJo-main: ,My name is Rohan Kishibe.

Roha: There's something that I wanted to ask you out of curiosity.

Roha: It's about this picture.

Roha: This is you, right?

Roha: Were you taking video of your dad in the corner there?

Roha: Wait.

Haya: What... is this?

Roha: Well, I know that was sudden...

Roha: But it's much faster to just read

JoJo-main: ,about Hayato Kawajiri than to ask bothersome questions,

Roha: and I can get honest answers this way, too.

Sign: [Warning]

,Sign: You mustn'tread any further.

Roha: Huh? What's that supposed to mean?

Roha: What Heaven's Door turns into a book

Roha: should just be the memories of this boy's life experiences, without any falsehoods.

Roha: And yet... a warning?

Sign: [Warning]You mustn't read any further.

JoJo-main: ,What in the world is this?

Roha: Is this "warning" what he experienced?

Roha: I thought I'd just casually look into this child,

Roha: but now this has definitely caught my interest.

Sign: [Warning]You mustn't read any further.

Roha: "You mustn't read any further"?

Roha: Who in the world could this warning be for?

Sign: An old guy walked by with his fly down.

Sign: He sneezed and said, " it."

Sign: Some women laughed at him.

Roha: Wh-What is this?

Roha: This is getting even more confusing.

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,What does it mean?

Guy:  it.

Rohha: J-Just who is this boy?

Sign: It rained.

Girl: Ugh, the forecast didn't say it was going to rain!

Sign: At : AM, lightning struck above the Pepsi sign.

Roha: :...

Roha: Wh-Who in the world is this Hayato Kawajiri?

Roha: Why is he experiencing things in the future?

Roha: Could he be a Stand user?

Roha: No... This is too odd to be a Stand ability.

Roha: All I can read with Heaven's Door

Roha: is what he has personally seen or heard.

Roha: The answer to this should be written somewhere...

Sign: My dad isn't my dad

Sign: He made a man and a woman disappear at an apartment in Jozenji by making them explode.

Sign: He's a m*rder. I found out who he was. He has inhuman abilities.

Sign: My dad's name is Yoshikage Kira

Sign: Yoshikage Kira

Roha: Kira...

Roha: I-I did it!

Roha: This kid was the jackpot!

Roha: I finally found him!

Roha: Yoshikage Kira is Kosaku Kawajiri!

Roha: He's disguised himself as this kid's father!

sign: Ro

sign: ha

sign: n

sign: Kishi

sign: be

sign: was

sign: also

sign: ki

sign: ll

sign: ed

Roha: "Rohan Kishibe was also k*lled"?

Roha: "He was k*lled by Kira,

Sign: He was k*lled by Kira,who had matured.

JoJo-main: ,who had matured..."

Kira: Deadly Queen's third b*mb, Bites the Dust.

Roha: Heaven's Door!

Kira: Rohan Kishibe, Deadly Queen is already inside your eye!

Kira: That is what you are seeing!

Ira: The switch for Deadly Queen's third b*mb

Kira: has already been activated!

Kira: Deadly Queen's third ability...

Kia: It is a b*mb to blow away anyone who tries to come after me!

Kira: It will activate in anyone who tries to get close to Hayato in order to learn about me.

Sign: He was k*lled by Kira,who had matured.

Sign: Rohan Kishibe was also k*lled.

Kira: It'll also activate if Hayato happens to verbally reveal my identity,

Kira: and if he writes it down, it'll activate immediately.

Kira: Which means it's a b*mb I implanted in Hayato!

Roha: C-Come to think of it,

JoJo-main: ,I was supposed to meet Koichi and the others here at :...

JoJo-main: ,I finally... found out Yoshikage Kira's identity...

Roha: Koichi is coming. I have to tell him...

Roha: I... I finally... found him...

Roha: Yoshikage Kira is Kosaku Kawajiri.

Roha: I found him with my Heaven's Door.

Roha: I have to tell...

Roha: Koichi...

Kira: And now,

Kira: this is the real third ability of Deadly Queen!

Roha: K-Koichi!

Haya: I-It was a dream?

Haya: I couldn't sleep very well last night.

Haya: I kept having these weird dreams...

Shin: Hayato!

Shin: Are you planning to sleep all day, Hayato?

Shin: Hurry up and wake—

Shin: What, you're already awake?

JoJo-main: ,That's a surprise.

Shin: Hayato, breakfast is ready.

JoJo-main: ,Honestly, why don't you ever answer me?

Haya: D-Didn't this...

Cast: What? No way! We're on the air already?

Haya: Th-This morning TV program...

Shin: Hayato! Hey, Hayato! Answer the phone.

Haya: Th-This isn't a dream...

Haya: What I just saw wasn't a dream.

Haya: Th-This is the same morning.

Haya: It's repeating...

Haya: Today's morning is repeating again!

Haya: Yoshikage Kira... His name is Yoshikage Kira!

Haya: He's doing this!

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,This is the unrivaled ability he was talking about,

Haya: and he planted that inside me!

Shin: Hayato! I asked you to answer the phone!

Haya: Oh, yeah!

Haya: Look out—

Hin: Ow...

Shin: That was a nice catch. It was almost as if you knew it was going to fall.

Shin: But if you can hear me, you could at least answer!

Shin: Hello, Kawajiri residence.

Shin: Huh? No, it's not.

Haya: It appears I'm the only one in the world who's aware

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,that this morning is repeating.

Kira: It's almost as if you knew, huh?

Kira: Apparently you blew someone up and came back, Hayato.

Kira: No, really. I don't know exactly what you've done.

Kira: This is called Deadly Queen Bites the Dust,

Kira: and it automatically protects me...

Kira: from inside you, Hayato.

Kira: Did you know that I already k*lled you once last night?

Kira: As though as it was trying to remedy

JoJo-main: ,the despair I was feeling from the situation I was in,

Kira: I gained a brand new ability.

Kira: By using that ability on you, time went back an hour,

Kira: and the fact that I k*lled you disappeared.

Kira: At the same time, you became a b*mb to protect me.

Kira: You told someone about me and the b*mb activated, and then you came back.

Kira: Who did you blow away, hm? Come on, tell me.

Kira: Who did you k*ll?

Haya: I-I didn't tell anyone...

kira: I see! Then someone must have been asking you questions.

Kira: It must be that Rohan Kishibe.

kira: Even if you have no intention of telling anyone,

kira: as soon as someone asks you about me, Bites the Dust will activate.

Kira: And then you will blow him up and come back.

Kira: The very fact that Rohan Kishibe encountered you has disappeared!

Kira: That is Deadly Queen Bites the Dust.

Kira: You won't be able to tell anyone.

JoJo-main: ,There will be no one who can ask you anything!
Shin: Hello, Kawajiri residence.

Sign: July th (Fri)  : AM

Shin: Huh? No, it's not.

Kawa: I see. Well done, Hayato.

Kaw: You protected me from that nuisance, Rohan.

Shin: I'm telling you that you have the wrong number.

Shin: Goodbye.

Kawa: They had the wrong number.

Kira: Now, then...

Kira: I guess I'll head to work so I can make

Kira: my precious family happy.

Kira: But first, do you mind if I give you a goodbye kiss?

Shin: Huh?

Shin: What are you doing?! My precious teapot...

Shin: Why would you do that?!

Shin: I never know what you're thinking!

Shin: You never even answer me! Why?!

Shin: Honestly...

Haya: Mom, he's not human.

Haya: If I say anything about him to anyone,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,they'll be blown away, and the morning will reset.

Haya: If we just keep letting him do what he wants,

Haya: it might not happen now, but he'll eventually k*ll me and my mom.

Haya: R-Rohan Kishibe...

Haya: There was someone other than Kira who had abilities.

Haya: I have to do something about Rohan Kishibe.

Haya: The only one who can save me and my mom and defeat Kira

Haya: is someone with abilities like Rohan Kishibe!

Haya: Th-There he is. It's Rohan.

Haya: If I meet Rohan, he'll be blown away and die...

Haya: And then I'll repeat the same morning again.

Haya: I have to tell Rohan about him without meeting him.

Haya: I'm going to change fate!

Sfx: Flip

Haya: Wh-What is this?!

Sign: [Warning]

Sign: [Warning]You mustn't read any further.

Haya: It's Rohan's ability that he used one me the last morning!

Guy:  it.

Haya: I was hiding from Rohan this time!

JoJo-main: ,Rohan didn't even see me!

Kira: Once fate has happened, it can't be changed...

Kira: Hayato.

JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable

Sign: July th (Fri)  : AM

Girl: Ugh, the forecast didn't say it was going to rain!

Sign: Episode       Bites the Dust, Part 

Kira: You seem to be under the impression that you purposely broke the teapot,

Kira: but that is incorrect.

Kira: Whatever broke last morning will break again, no matter what.

Kira: It'll happen because it's meant to be.

Kira: That is what fate is.

Kira: If you were turned into a book last morning,

Kira: you'll turn into a book, no matter what.

Kira: This is why Deadly Queen Bites the Dust is invincible.

Kira: It erases my identity and returns everything else to what it was.

Kira: That means I get to observe Rohanexploding before I head to work.

Sign: It rained.

Sign: At : AM, lightning struck above the Pepsi sign.

Haya: I can't let Rohan die!

Haya: I have to save Rohan!

Kira: Ah, Rohan Kishibe.

Kira: Watch carefully.

Kira: He has no idea why he's dying right now.

Kira: I wonder if he's thinking about how he won't be able to draw his manga anymore.

Rei: R-Rohan...

Rei: N-No!

Kira: Hayato, the very fact that you met Rohan will disappear,

JoJo-main: ,and the morning will continue on.

Kira: If I undo Bites the Dust right now,

JoJo-main: ,Rohan's death will just become fact and not repeat again...

Kira: But for now, I won't undo it.

Kira: A few of his friends should also be showing up, after all.

Kira: You're going to automatically defeat them for me, as well.

Kira: Just like a landmine.

Kira: But Bites the Dust won't cause you any harm,

Kira: so you should relax and enjoy your fun life as a young boy.

Kira: Well, I have to head to the station.

Kira: Make sure you study hard.

Haya: It's all my fault. It's because he met me...

Haya: Rohan Kishibe was k*lled because he met me!

Haya: Can't I do anything to defeat him?

Koi: Um... Can I ask you something?

Koi: Do you know what time it is?

Koi: My watch doesn't seem to be working right.

Koi: Hello? Are you listening?

Haya: It's :...

Koi: Huh? Haven't I seen you somewhere before?

Koi: Where was it?

Koi: Do you know who I am?

Haya: No...

Koi: Huh... I guess I was imagining it.

Koi: Sorry for saying something weird.

Koi: :... Thanks!

Koi: Jotaro! It really is past :.

Koi: Strange, though... I wonder where Rohan-sensei went.

Haya: Th-They're Rohan Kishibe's friends!

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,They were supposed to meet up!

Koi: He left the car door wide open and the key in the ignition.

Haya: They probably have the same abilities...

Haya: Th-They also came to ask me about Yoshikage Kira.

Koi: That's not like Rohan-sensei...

Haya: Crap! If they find out that I'm Hayato Kawajiri

Koi: That's Rohan-sensei's earring.

Haya: and ask me about my dad...

Josu: Sorry about that.

JoJo-main: ,I overslept and was late meeting up with my friends.

Oku: Huh? I've seen you before... Where was it?

Koi: Ah, Josuke and Okuyasu.

Josu: Yo.

Oku: Yo, Koichi. Good morning, Jotaro.

Josu: What, so Rohan's the only one who's not here yet?

Haya: A-And two more...

Haya: When he said his friends were going to show up...

Josu: We won't know where Hayato Kawajiri's house is if he's not here.

Haya: He must have been talking about them!

Josu: I just remembered I accidentally grabbed onto this.

Josu: Here you go. Your hat.

Haya: Th-Thanks...

Koi: That angle...

Koi: It's that angle. I'm sure I've seen him before...

Koi: Where was it? I know I've seen him...

Jojo: Koichi. Look at the name on his backpack.

Koi: Huh?

sign___Hayato_Kawajiri,Sign: Hayato Kawajiri

Koi: Hayato Kawajiri?!

Both: What?!

Haya: I-I've been found out!

Sign: Wake up

Sign: The weather report begins

Sign: Kira leaves the house

Sign: Hayato meets Rohan

Sign: Lightning strikes the Pepsi sign

Sign: Rohan Kishibe dies from expl*si*n

Sign: July th (Fri)  : AM

Jojo: Hayato Kawajiri...

Oku: What are you doing here?

Josu: Is it a coincidence?

Koi: D-Does this have to do with Rohan-sensei not being here?

Haya: If these four start asking me about my dad...

Hya: They're all going to be blown away!

Haya: N-No! Don't ask me any questions...

Haya: If you guys die, too, who's going to defeat him?

Haya: Even if I have to deceive them...

Haya: I can't let these people die, no matter what!

Jojo: I want to ask you about this photo...

Jojo: I want to know why you were recording a video in this photo.

Jojo: Why were you recording your da—

Haya: M-My nose is bleeding!

Haya: I need to go to the clinic! My nose is gushing blood!

JoJo-main: ,I-I... Bye!

Josu: Hold it.

Josu: Your nose is bleeding? Let me see.

Josu: Here. What happened?

Haya: I have to go. Excuse me.

Josu: You don't need to go to a clinic.

Josu: Your nose isn't bleeding.

Haya: Huh?

Haya: Huh?!

Josu: My name is Josuke Higashikata.

Josu: He's a relative of mine, Jotaro Kujo.

Josu: The one with the scary face over there is Okuyasu Nijimura.

Josu: And the friendly-looking guy there is Koichi Hirose.

Josu: You go to Budogaoka Elementary, don't you?

JoJo-main: ,Then you won't be late just yet.

Josu: We just have some questions...

Josu: about this picture.

Josu: If it's nothing, then that's fine.

Haya: W-Well, it is something! Don't ask me any questions!

Haya: You can't ask me any questions!

Josu: Is the person in this picture

Josu: your da—

Haya: No! Don't say any more!

Haya: I-It's no use...

Haya: Now they're going to ask even more questions.

Josu: What do you mean by "Don't say anymore"?

Haa: One after another...

Jojo: What are we not supposed to say?

Hya: I can't stop it anymore!

Koi: Are you talking about your dad?

Haya: They're going to explode!

Haya: They're all going to explode!

Koi: You suddenly shouted, "No!"

Josu: "Don't say any more"?

Oku: But we didn't ask you anything yet.

Jojo: Could it be...

Jojo: that even asking you a question is a bad idea?

Haya: They're going to explode... Explode... Explode...

Haya: I know...

Haya: I-If I die, no one else will have to die!

Haya: Since I'm the b*mb, I just need to die!

Haya: If I die, I'm sure these people will be able to defeat him and save my mom!

Josu: Come on, ask him about Kosaku Kawajiri already.

Jojo: Wait, Josuke. Something's wrong.

Josu: What are you crouching down for?

Haya: I-It won't go through...

Haya: For some reason, the box cutter won't go into my throat!

Jojo: That's...

Josu: That Stand...

Oku: I'd never forget it after seeing it once!

Koi: Deadly Queen!

Kira: To be more precise,

Kira: its Deadly Queen's third b*mb, Bites the Dust.

Kira: It's already too late to att*ck.

JoJo-main: ,If you're seeing me, that means I'm already inside your eyes.

Kira: It doesn't matter how many of you there are, because all at once...

Kira: You tried to find out my identity!

Shin: What, you're already awake?

Shin: I'm glad you replied for once when I called you, but there's no need to yell.

Shin: Breakfast is ready, so come on.

Haya: I couldn't stop it... Those four got att*cked, too.

Haya: It's no use... No matter how hard I try,

Haya: in an hour, fate is going to eliminate those four, too...

Haya: I can't even k*ll myself.

Haya: My dying would be troublesome to him,

Haya: so Bites the Dust must be automatically protecting me.

Haya: He's too strong...

Haya: Yoshikage Kira is too much of a monster.

Haya: Either he has to die, or he has to undoBites the Dust for whatever reason,

Hayya: or those four are going to die for sure.

Haya: Either he has to die, or he has to undo Bites the Dust...

Haya: I always thought there was no way I could ever k*ll someone.

Hayya: There was no way an -year-old boy like me could k*ll a monster like that.

Haya: But there is one way!

Haya: A way for an -year-old like me to k*ll him...

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Just one.

Haya: And it's sleeping quietly in the dark attic like a g*n resting in an armory.

Haya: For the first time in my life, I was praying to God from the bottom of my heart.

Haya: "Lord, please let me k*ll this man somehow."

Haya: I was right.

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,This cat-like plant starts moving when sunlight hits it,

Haya: and then att*cks by sh**ting air b*ll*ts.

Haya: And even with just this little bit of light in the room, it's so destructive.

Hay: This behavior...

Haya: I'll utilize this behavior

Haya: and att*ck him with an air b*llet at point blank range.

Haya: Point blank range...

Haya: But when and how am I supposed to do that?

Hya: I can't do it in or near the house.

Haya: Mom's here.

Haya: That's it... My hat!

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,He'll come to put the hat on my head.

Haya: That'll be point blank range!

Haya: My chance will be when he comes into range behind me.

Haya: That's when I have to do it!

Ann: What? No way! We're on the air already?

ANN: Er, um... It's now :...

Haya: Dad was saying that he wanted another cup of coffee.

Haya: Hello?

Haya: No, you've got the wrong number.

Haya: This isn't the Sakurai residence.

Shin: Here you go, darling. Thanks for waiting.

JoJo-main: ,Here's your fresh cup of coffee.

Kira: Right...

Kira: It's a lovely morning.

Kira: I guess it wouldn't hurt to have another cup before I go to work.

Haya: Fate doesn't change with Bites the Dust, right?

Haya: Something that's been destroyed once will be destroyed, no matter how much I fight it.

Haya: You said that, didn't you?

Shin: My precious tea set!

Haya: Serves you right!

Haya: All right, Mom, I'm heading to school!

Haya: I'll be there for you. I'll protect you forever, Mom!

Shin: I can't believe it.

Shin: I really never have any idea what he's thinking... But...

Shin: Maybe he's not so bad after all.

Shin: Oh, it's fine. I'll clean that up.

Shin: There's nothing we can do now that it's broken.

Shin: More importantly, did you get burnt?

Kira: No... I'm fine.

Haya: He's not here yet...

Haya: H-He's not here... He's not here yet.

Haya: S-Something's wrong. He should have already been here by now...

Haya: Why isn't he here?

Girl: Ugh, the forecast didn't say it was going to rain!

Haya: I-It's starting to rain!

Haya: Did fate change because I left the house before him?

Haya: No, that can't be!

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,If he's coming to put the hat on my head,

Haya: he should definitely come up from behind me.

Haya: L-Lightning struck the Pepsi sign!

Haya: Calm down. Calm down! There are still two minutes left!

Haya: There's more than two minutes before Rohan Kishibe is automatically blown away.

Haya: I need to believe in fate—

Haya: H-He's already by that tree... He's already right there!

Kira: What a lovely morning. But Hayato was acting strangely...

Kira: What was that?

Kira: It's just a hunch, but something was strange...

Kira: It appears that we've repeated this morning

Kira: three... no, four times now.

Haya: I-Is he just that intuitive?

Haya: But there's no more time!

Haya: I'll just have to att*ck him from here.

Haya: D-Did he figure out that I have the cat plant,

JoJo-main: ,and that's why he's not coming near me?

Haya: No... He's too close if he knows that.

Haya: But I have to completely defeat him in one sh*t.

Hhaya: If I miss, Rohan will explode, and then he'll undo Bites the Dust

Haya: after the other four are eliminated.

Haya: If that happens, he's going to win!

Haya: There's no time!  it...

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Just one more step to the left!

Haya: If he just steps out from behind that filthy tree,

Haya: I can att*ck!

Haya: What?! H-He's hidden himself even more!

Ira: The look in Hayato's eyes when he left the house...

Kira: He looked determined about something.

Kira: It's the same look that the loathsome Koichi Hirose and Josuke have.

Ira: My hunch is telling me to carefully observe him...

Kira: Though there really isn't much that Hayato can do...

Haya: It's too late!

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Once it's a few seconds past :, the att*ck on Rohan Kishibe will start!

Kira: That brat is shaking.

Kira: Those eyes look like a despaired mouse drowning in a cesspool.

Kira: I guess I was just imagining his determination.

Kira: Those are definitely the eyes of a loser.

Haya: He moved!

Kira: I came to bring the hat you forgot, Hayato.

Haya: If there is a God, I thank you!

Haya: I thank the fate that got this m*rder to move from behind that tree!

Haya: I feel a fighting spirit burning within me!

Haya: Take this, Yoshikage Kira!

Kira: What?!

Haya: Y-Yes!

Haya: I hit him dead-on! I... I did it!

Roha: Hayato Kawajiri's not coming...

Roha: I guess he must've taken a different route to school.

Haya: This is the end, you m*rder!

Haya: Wh-Wh-What?!

Kira: Lately...

Haya: Impossible!

Kira: With my nails growing so quickly...

Kira: I got to thinking about how unlucky I've been lately.

Kira: But inside my pocket...

Kira: It seems like, since last night, luck is coming around to my side.

Kira: Remember when Mom's precious tea cup broke this morning?

Kra: When the coffee spilled onto my wrist, I was b*rned,

Kira: so I removed my watch and put it in my chest pocket.

Kira: What unbelievable luck!

Kira: If that coffee hadn't spilled this morning...

Haya: How... How is that possible? I...

Haya: I... I failed!

JoJo-main: ,I-It's almost time!
Kira: What unbelievable luck!

Kira: If that coffee hadn't spilled this morning...

Haya: How... How is that possible? I...

Kira: You brat...

Kira: To think that you knew about Stray Cat, as well!

Kira: I guess it's futile.

Kira: So long as I don't undo Bites the Dust, it'll keep automatically protecting you.

Haya: I... I failed!

Haya: I-It's almost time!

Kira: The fact that you tried to k*ll me using Stray Cat's air b*ll*ts...

Kira: Hayato, you wouldn't have come up with that idea

JoJo-main: ,if you hadn't repeated this morning three, no, four times.

Kira: And the fact that you've returned for the fourth time...

Kira: It means that Bites the Dust's fate

Kira: is to blow up not only Rohan,

Kira: but another one of his friends, as well.

Kira: That means you must have told people other than Rohan about me.

Kira: No... Perhaps you were just asked about me.

JoJo-main: ,Who did you k*ll?

Kira: Hm? Was there a shrimp named Koichi?

Kira: What about Jotaro Kujo?

JoJo-main: ,I'd be very happy if he were to die.

Haya: E-Everything's over...

Kira: Letting you return to this morning again is dangerous.

Kira: Because I'll be att*cked again.

Kira: Once the others die, I'll undo Bites the Dust for a short while.

Kira: Bites the Dust is invincible!

Kira: Luck is on the side of Yoshikage Kira!

Haya: That name... The name you said just now...

Kira: Oh, did I just say my real name?

Kira: Yes, my name is Yoshikage Kira.

Kira: I don't care if you tell that to anyone.

Kira: By the way, what time is it?

Haya: I...

Haya: I didn't tell anyone.

Haya: I never said a single word to anyone about you in the first place.

Haya: I only made a phone call.

Haya: He said that he overslept and was late,

Haya: so I found his number and woke him up.

Haya: I made a call from the house this morning. That's all!

Haya: You're the one who said it.

JoJo-main: ,You're the one who said it yourself!

Haya: I was just waiting.

JoJo-main: ,I was just waiting for him to hurry up and get here without oversleeping!

JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable

JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episode    Shining D (Diamond) is Unbreakable, Part 

Oku: Hey, Josuke.

Oku: We're gonna be on time to meet up with everyone.

Josu: Hold it, Okuyasu!

Josu: I'm not sure if it's coincidence or fate,

Josu: but this guy just said a name that I can't believe I heard.

Kira: I-I-Impossible!

Josu: You said "Yoshikage Kira" just now, didn't you?

Oku: Huh? What?!

Kira: H-How could such a coincidence...

Haya: It's no coincidence!

Haya: It's not fate, either! This was a gamble!

Haya: I made a gamble!

Haya: And he came!

Josu: I know I heard you say it!

JoJo-main: ,You definitely just said that name!

Kira: It can't be...

Josu: You!

Josu: If you just coincidentally have the same name as him,

JoJo-main: ,I can fix your wounds at any time.

Oku: H-He's Yoshikage Kira?

Ia: Th-That's impossible... You brat!

Kira: H-How could this be?

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,I need to undo Bites the Dust and protect myself!

Kira: Return, Deadly Queen!

Roha: Cold... The rain is going down my back.

Roha: Honestly, does no one show up on time?

Roha: Oh?

Roh: That's Koichi and Jotaro.

Haya: Yes! I made it in time! I won against fate!

Kira: I don't need any intense joy.

Kira: But I didn't want any deep despair, either....

JoJo-main: ,My goal was to live a peaceful life, like a plant.

Josu: You've shown yourself!

JoJo-main: ,Now I'll make sure your face doesn't look so peaceful.

Oku: I guess this picture that Rohan took was an instant jackpot.

Josu: Looks like it wasn't coincidence that we ran into him, Okuyasu.

Josu: I don't know the details,

JoJo-main: ,but since he gave his realname to Hayato Kawajiri,

Josu: we may have gotten here just in the nick of time.

Kira: Just so you know, I wasn't running away from you.

Kira: If I wanted to k*ll you all, I could have done so at any time.

Kira: The reason I didn't was just because I don't like fighting.

Kira: Strife is the exact opposite

JoJo-main: ,of the peaceful life that I aim for, so I hate it.

Kira: It's easy to win one battle,

Kira: but then you accumulate stress for your next battle.

Kira: It's a foolish thing to do.

Kia: Fighting with others is a sad and endless process.

Josu: We were coming after you because you k*lled Shigechi, you foolishass!

Oku: A pig villain like you whose hobby is to k*ll people

JoJo-main: ,doesn't have the right to talk about what he wants to do, you dip!

Oku: Be careful, Josuke!

JoJo-main: ,Don't touch that Deadly Queen's hand.

Kira: That's the only reason I didn't dispose of you all.

Kira: You're the only three destroying my peace right now.

Kira: I have no choice but to fight the ones who find out my identity.

Oku: Hey, get behind us, Hayato Kawajiri.

Kira: Shining Diamond's range is - meters,

Kira: and it has the ability to fix anything that's been destroyed.

Josu: I won't need to use that ability against you!

JoJo-main: ,I'm just gonna kick your ass!

Oku: Josuke!

Josu: Dora.

Kira: He's strong...

Haya: Yes! I can't see it, b-but that's amazing!

Haya: Kira just spit blood and went flying!

Josu: You're moving way too slow, Deadly Queen!

Josu: I guess yearning for a peaceful life has left you lacking in motivation.

Josu: Looks like your Stand isn't cut out for one-on-one battles.

Oku: Josuke, don't let your guard down just because he's slow!

Oku: If it's best to fight him without touching him,

JoJo-main: ,it'd be better to use my Stand, The Hand.

Oku: Bring it!

Kira: Scraping away space to teleport, eh?

Kira: I att*cked Josuke, but now the direction of my att*ck has turned...

Kira: Toward you.

Haya: I-Inside my backpack...

Oku: What?!

Kira: Though I guess it worked out.

JoJo-main: ,It still hit right on the dot, despite being the first time I've used it.

Oku: I-I wasn't touched... I-I wasn't even touched...

Oku: The air... The air breathed fire!

Josu: Okuyasu!

Haya: Th-The air... breathed fire?

JoJo-main: ,The air...

Kira: The reason I kept that thing around was for this.

Kia: I can use Stray Cat's ability to control the air for Deadly Queen's explosions.

Kira: Hayato, You brought it for me!

Haya: Invisible air and an unstoppable expl*si*n!

Haya: Could any two things in this world be more compatible than that?

Haya: He was keeping it just for this purpose...

Haya: And I'm the one who brought it here!

Kira: I said that it appears luck is on my side, didn't I?

Kira: In Japanese, "fate" is written with characters meaning "luck that brings life."

Kira: How fitting.

Signtop: The

Signtop: The Ha

Signtop: The Han

Signtop: The Hand

Signbot: Oku

Signbot: Okuyasu

Signbot: Okuyasu Niji

Signbot: Okuyasu Nijimura

Koi: Is something wrong, Jotaro?

Jojo: No, it's nothing.

JoJo-main: ,I just thought the rain sounded like Josuke's voice.

Roha: I'm sure he overslept.

Roah: If he doesn't show up in the next five minutes,

Roha: I'm going to head to Hayato Kawajiri's school without them.

Josu: I'll fix you right now, Okuyasu!

Kia: That's not going to happen.

Kira: Because I'm going to blow you away first.

Haya: It launched air like a b*llet!

JoJo-main: ,And he turned that air into a b*mb!

Haya: It's coming! You've got to run away!

Haya: You can't see it?

JoJo-main: ,It's that area that looks distorted!

Haya: I-It's going to hit!

Haya: Fix?

JoJo-main: ,He's trying to use that ability to fix Okuyasu...

Kira: The ability to fix things...

Kira: To think it's so fast that you were able to create a wall from the broken slate.

Haya: I-It's sh**ting again!

Haya: I-It's coming!

Kira: Presumptions are more terrifying than anything else.

Kira: Especially when you'reunder the impression that

JoJo-main: ,your strengths or abilities are impressive.

Haya: I-It's starting to come through!

Haya: Even though it came in contact with it, it didn't explode!

Kira: Hmph. I thought it might blow his head off,

JoJo-main: ,but it appears that the expl*si*n was a bit shallow.

Kira: Deadly Queen's explosions aren't limited only to things it touches.

Kira: That would be a presumption.

Kira: It can explode at any given distance.

Kia: No matter where you might hide,

Kira: or how fast you might try to guard yourself with a wall or metal plate,

Kiira: it can go right through and explode freely!

Kira: You cannot run anymore.

Kira: Die!

Haya: It's no use! There's no way to dodge it!

Josu: I can't run?

JoJo-main: ,I have no intention of running away...

Josu: And I haven't from the beginning.

Josu: Then I wouldn't be able to fix Okuyasu!

Haya: He's heading toward it?!

Haya: I-It went through!

Josu: You can make it explode at any distance?

Josu: Looks like there's an exception to that.

Josu: If I happen to explode when I'm close to you, Kira,

Josu: you're not going to be safe, are you?!

Josu: All right, Okuyasu. Now I can fix you.

Haya: Don't touch him!

Haya: I think... he might have just used Okuyasu's body and...

Kira:  that Hayato...

Josu: Impossible...

Josu: I didn't see Deadly Queen touch Okuyasu.

Josu: How can you tell, Hayato Kawajiri?!

JoJo-main: ,You're not a Stand user!

Haya: I can tell!

JoJo-main: ,I've lived in the same house as him until this morning!

Haya: I can tell by his expressions!

JoJo-main: ,It touched him without us noticing!

Haya: There's no doubt!

JoJo-main: ,Okuyasu's body's been turned into a b*mb!

Josu: Yoshikage Kira!

Kira: I'm not sure...

Kira: Since you were charging toward me,

JoJo-main: ,I'm not sure if I was actually able to touch Okuyasu or not.

Kira: It all happened so fast.

JoJo-main: ,Should I just try pushing the button?

Josu: D-Don't, Yoshikage Kira!

Josu: Hurry up and sh**t the next air b*llet!

JoJo-main: ,sh**t it at me, !

Kira: There's really no need to rush into attacking you right now.

Kira: Josuke Higashikata, I lose nothing by deciding whether to att*ck or not

JoJo-main: ,based on your movements.

Kira: There's a chance that Okuyasu wasn't turned into a b*mb.

Kira: You might be able to fix him with Shining Diamond.

Kira: This might be too forward of me,

JoJo-main: ,but there's only one way to save Okuyasu's life in this situation...

Kira: And that's for you to touch him and fix him.

Kira: Even if I turned him into a b*mb, if you touch him using Shining Diamond,

Kira: you might die from the expl*si*n, but Okuyasu won't.

Kira: If you were to sacrifice yourself,

JoJo-main: ,you'd at least be able to fix your best friend's wounds, wouldn't you?

Haya: D-Don't touch him!

Kira: I'll wait until you make your decision.

Kira: You can decide whether you're going to touch your best friend and fix him,

JoJo-main: ,or come after me.

Kira: I'll wait as long as it takes for you to make your decision,

JoJo-main: ,but I guess there's no way you'll touch him,

JoJo-main: ,even if he is your precious best friend...

Haya: I have proof that you shouldn't touch him!

Haya: I'm sure he can't control more than one b*mb at a time!

Haya: Once he's used his expl*sive ability,

JoJo-main: ,he can't create the next b*mb until the first one has gone off.

Haya: As proof, he could be sh**ting off tons of b*mb,

JoJo-main: ,but he's only sh*t off one at a time!

Haya: He changed Okuyasu into a b*mb, so he can't sh**t now!

Josu: What are you trying to say?

Haya: I'm telling you that there's a way to save Okuyasu-san!

JoJo-main: ,And for that...

Kira: Deadly Queen, switch on the b*mb.

Haya: I just need to touch him!

Josu: What?!

Josu: H-Hayato, you...

Josu: All right! Shining Diamond!

Josu: You're insane, Hayato Kawajiri... You've got some guts.

Josu: Are you really a grade-schooler, kid?

Haya: If I wasn't expecting you to use your ability to f-fix things, I couldn't do it.

Haya: Besides, you can't die.

Haya: If you die, he can easily k*ll me, and then he'll be free.

Haya: He'll eventually k*ll my mom, too...

JoJo-main: ,and other people in this town again!

Kira: No, you'll die.

Kira: To think that your ability to fix things

JoJo-main: ,is so powerful that it can fix what I've blown up instantaneously...

Kira: I've just been reminded that it's the most troublesome ability to have against me.

Kira: Deadly Queen!

Haya: Josuke, he's f*ring!

Kira: I'll detonate it upon impact so you can't put your guard up.

Kira: However, since there's a chance you'll dodge it if it detonates on impact,

Kira: I sh*t a small one so it'd be hard to see.

Kira: I wonder if you can dodge it while

JoJo-main: ,holding Okuyasu, and with debris from the expl*si*n stuck in your wounds...

Haya: Hurry up and run, Josuke!

Haya: If the expl*si*n so much as grazesyou next time, it'll be fatal!

Josu: Okuyasu! I fixed your wounds.

JoJo-main: ,Wake up, Okuyasu!

Haya: Hurry and move! He's going to get you!

Kira: Eight meters until impact.

Josu: Come on, you can wake up now!

JoJo-main: ,You're totally fine now, Okuyasu!

Haya: Josuke!

Kia: Just seven more meters.

Josu: Just open your eyes, Okuyasu! Hey!

Josu: Hey, Okuyasu! Hurry up and open your  eyes!

Josu: Hey! Let's work together like we always do and kick his ass!

Haya: Josuke...

Kira: I'm going to place that b*mb right under his nose,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,as precise as one of Joe Montana's touchdown passes,

Kira: and then detonate it from there.

Kira: Four meters until impact.

Haya: L-Let go! If you don't run, you'll be hit head-on!

Haya: Okuyasu is... Okuyasu is already...

Josu: Shut up!

JoJo-main: ,You need to hurry up and run away yourself, kid!

Kira: Two more meters until impact.

Kira: The expl*si*n will cover approximately a three-meter radius.

Haya: I see it! It's about two meters in front of you!

Haya: Hurry up and run away!

JoJo-main: ,Okuyasu... Okuyasu is already dead!

Josu: He's not dead!

Josu: Okuyasu is fixed!

JoJo-main: ,He's going to open his eyes!

Kira: I'll get it one meter closer and then push the button.

Haya: Josuke!

Sffx: Splash

Haya: Th-The air b*llet was split by a Kn*fe of blood!

Haya: Did the blood flowing through Josuke

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,just fly out with immense power and cut it like a Kn*fe?

Haya: That's it! Just like when I stabbed it with

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,the needle from the compass in the attic,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,the air from the cat weed shrank!

Kira: He used the blood from his wound like a water pressure cutter

Kia: to cut through it...

Ka: But I wonder about the air b*llet.

Haya: It didn't shrink! It's heading toward you!

Kira: An air b*llet that's become a b*mb is

JoJo-main: ,kept stable by Deadly Queen's abilities.

Kira: That's why it won't shrivel!

JoJo-main: ,No matter if you try to crush it or cut it into pieces,

JoJo-main: ,the b*mb ability won't go away!

Kira: It'll detonate as soon as you touch it.

Kira: All right, impact.

Haya: Huh? H-His body...

Haya: is floating?

Kira: Detonate!

Haya: No, it's not floating...

Josu: I can't fix my own wounds with Shining Diamond's abilities,

Josu: but if it's debris from the road

JoJo-main: ,that got into my wound in the first expl*si*n...

Josu: I can fix that!

Haya: Th-The piece of the road that was in his wound pulled his body!

Josu: I don't have a choice.

JoJo-main: ,It's someone else's house, but we're going to run in here, Hayato.

Haya: P-Please leave Okuyasu behind.

Haya: If you're holding Okuyasu, you'll be k*lled!

Haya: He'll catch up and he'll get you!

Josu: Would you just shut up, Hayato?

Josu: Okuyasu and I get along great. He's my friend!

Haya: That's not what I'm talking about!

JoJo-main: ,When you fixed Okuyasu's wounds, he was already dea—

Josu: Stop!

Josu: Don't. Don't you dare say any more.

Haya: Think about defeating him!

Kira: I don't like it...

Kira: If he didn't have that ability to fix things,

JoJo-main: ,my b*mb would be invincible.

Kira: The most terrifying thing getting in the way of my peace of mind isn't Jotaro.

Kira: It's him!

Kia: Josuke Higashikata!
Sign: QuickDial

Sign: Redial

Sign: Call

Sign: Function

Sign: Silent

Sign: Memo

Kira: Good morning.

JoJo-main: ,This is Kosaku Kawajiri.

Kira: I realize this is selfish of me,

JoJo-main: ,but I will be around fifteen minutes late to the office.

Kira: Yes. I have to discipline my unreasonable son.

Kira: Yes, sir. I realize this would sound highly trivial to anyone else. Yes.

Kira: I am terribly sorry.

Kira: Yes, as soon as I'm done.

JoJo-main: ,Yes, I'll head right to the office.

Kira: Yes.

JoJo-main: ,Yes. If you'll excuse me, sir.

Kira: Curse that Kosaku Kawajiri being so apologetic.

Kiira: Did you want to climb the corporate ladder that badly,

JoJo-main: ,despite how anxious you were?

Kira: The reason Josuke went into that house

Kira: is because he knew he'd have the upper hand in a close-quarters battle.

Kira: I will admit that's true.

Kira: It's best that I avoid close-quarters combat with Shining Diamond.

Kira: If I can figure out just where Josuke is,

Kira: I can sh**t an air b*llet from here, but...

Guy?: Hey, you.

Guy?: What do you think you're doing on this property?

Guy: What? Are you saying you're not on this property?

Guy: Don't get nitpicky with me, Mr. Goody Two-shoes.

Kira: Is this your house?

JoJo-main: ,How long have you been watching?

Guy: Hey, I'm the one asking the questions here.

JoJo-main: ,I live next door.

Guy: I was thinking about sleeping past noon

JoJo-main: ,when I was woken up by some kind of noise.

Guy: You make me suspicious.

Guy: Rio, from next door, said her underwear gets stolen all the time.

Guy: And since everyone's gone around this time...

Kira: I'm envious...

Guy: Huh?

Kira: Of all the free time you seem to have.

Guy: Hey, are you running away?

Guy:  him... Going after Rio like that.

Gguy: Pisses me off!

Guy: He was an underwear thief after all!

Guy: These panties...

Guy: Th-They're Rio's...

Guy: P-P-Pan...

Guy: Woohoo! I'm so lucky!

Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable

Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

Sign: Episode    Shining D (Diamond) is Unbreakable, Part 

Haya: I-It's no use! The phone line's been cut!

Josu: Okuyasu is dead...

Josu: I'm going to b*at the crap out of

JoJo-main: ,Yoshikage Kira with my Shining Diamond and defeat him.

Josu: I'm going to end this within a few minutes.

Josu: Hayato, stay along the wall there so that Kira can't see you.

Josu: Where is he...

Josu: going to enter from... is the question.

Haya: Huh?!

Haya: Wh-What?

Haya: J-Josuke!

Haya: It's an air b*llet!

JoJo-main: ,There's one heading toward you right now!

Haya: It's about the same size as earlier...

JoJo-main: ,B-But that's impossible!

Haya: There's no way he can tell where you are from outside!

JoJo-main: ,How does he know?!

Josu: Great...

Kira: I know, Josuke Higashikata...

JoJo-main: ,I know the exact distance.

Kira: Three meters until impact...

Haya: I... I can tell...

JoJo-main: ,We can tell where the ball of air is.

JoJo-main: ,Yes!

Haya: You'll be able to dodge it!

JoJo-main: ,No matter how many come through, you'll be able to dodge them... now...

Josu: What?

Haya: I-It's going after Josuke?

Josu: Yoshikage Kira knows where I am.

Josu: Where is he? How is he seeing me?

Haya: There were no windows in that room!

Haya: The curtains are all drawn, too!

Haya: There's no way he can see you from outside!

Haya: It's a*t*matic! It must be automatically chasing you!

Josu: No, that's not right.

Josu: The version of Deadly Queen that's

JoJo-main: ,a*t*matic goes after heat and is called Heart att*ck.

Josu: But... It's not going after the lit cigarette there.

Josu: More importantly, if it was automatically tracking me,

JoJo-main: ,the air b*llet wouldn't be able to go through the wall,

Josu: and Yoshikage Kira plans to do the final detonation himself to finish me off.

Josu: It's a mystery, but he knows exactly where I am!

Haya: It's getting faster!

Josu: Find Kira for me!

JoJo-main: ,Find out how he's watching me!

Haya: I-I found him!

Haya: H-He's right outside the gate.

Kira: Two meters until impact...

Josu: He's outside?

Haya: I can't figure out how he's able to pinpoint your location from there, Josuke.

Haya: Hurry and run!

Josu: That one! I don't know how he's watching me...

Kira: One more meter!

Josu: But I didn't want you chasing me in the first place!

Josu: Shining Diamond!

Kira: All right, it's going to impact on Josuke!

JoJo-main: ,Detonate!

Kira: Yes! It was a direct hit!

Kira: Deadly Queen!

Kira: My, my, that was close.

Kira: But I was on my guard.

Kra: Your willpower to try to get one final blow in...

Kira: That's why I won't go near you, Josuke Higashikata.

Haya: J-Josuke!

Haya: H-He's alive...

Kira: Hmph. It was a direct hit, but he wasn't blown away.

Kira: There's a slight discrepancy when I detonate by hand...

Kira: But the damage is absolute.

Kira: I can finish him off with the next sh*t!

Haya: W-We... We have to get away from here!

Josu: Y-You're pulling me the wrong way...

Josu: This is the opposite direction...

Josu: Not that way... It's the opposite direction!

Josu: I'm going to k*ll him!

Josu: We need to go in the direction of Yoshikage Kira...

Josu: My Shining Diamond

Josu: can't fix my own wounds...

Josu: But once my blood has left my body and hardened, it's just another object.

Josu: It's no longer part of me.

Josuu: Therefore, I can gather it and stick it onto other things.

Josu: So I stuck some inside a shard of glass.

Josu: The rain stopped, and the blood stain on his jacket earlier...

Josu: should have hardened by now!

Josu: That's my a*t*matic tracking b*mb.

Signbot: Sh

Signbot: Shi

Signbot: Shin

Signbot: Shini

Signbot: Shining

Signbot: Shining Di

Signbot: Shining Dia

Signbot: Shining Diam

Signbot: Shining Diamo

Signbot: Shining Diamon

Signbot: Shining Diamond

Signtop: Jo

Signtop: Josuke

Signtop: Josuke Higashi

Signtop: Josuke Higashikata

Kira: The shard of glass that I was able to guard against...

Kira: It must be this blood stain...

Kira: This stain must have led that glass shard right to me!

Haa: I-It was a direct hit!

Haya: It's embedded right into Kira's back!

Josu: That's...

Kira: Josuke Higashikata's Shining Diamond is a Stand whose actions I can't foresee...

Kira: But the damage Josuke sustained is greater than mine.

Kira: Just one more sh*t!

JoJo-main: ,One more sh*t and I, Yoshikage Kira, will be victorious!

Haya: I-It's here! Th-This one's big enough to see!

Josu: That must mean...

Josu: that this is his final sh*t.

Josu: This will be mine, too!

Haya: I-I don't think the same att*ck will work twice on Kira!

Haya: He'll dodge it!

Josu: We'll just have to see about that...

Josu: By the way, Hayato, sorry,

Josu: but the lighter from earlier is in my pocket.

Josu: Could you get it for me?

Josu: It's a bit hard for me to get it myself with

JoJo-main: ,this pole sticking out of my stomach.

Haya: The smoke is useless now!

Haya: You can see the air b*llet!

Josu: The air b*llet isn't what I want to use the lighter to see this time.

Josu: I'm going to look at something else... So...

Josu: Let's find out why he can see where I am.

Josu: Don't move, Hayato.

Haya: J-Josuke? Wh-What are you...

Josu: Stay still, Hayato.

Josu: He might not be watching...

Josu: He might be listening.

Josu: Kira had a cell phone.

JoJo-main: ,Did he just happen to have it? No!

Josu: So then, who was he talking to?

Josu: Was it his boss from the office? No, that's not right.

Josu: There's only one person that Kira would be calling right now...

Josu: I'd completely forgotten about you, old man in the picture...

Josu: The one who's trying to protect Yoshikage Kira!

Haya: I have no idea when he got inside my pocket, but...

Haya: So this was the answer!

Haya: Th-The air b*llet passed through the window!

Josu: Get back!

Haya: It impacted!

Josu: Josuke... is running away three meters ahead.

Dad: Sh-!

Haya: I-It passed him!

Josu: And he's now moving diagonally right, then up... Three meters.

Haya: He hasn't figured out that it's Josuke because he's using a raspy voice!

Josu: And now, he's running away one meter to the left...

Dad: What?! How can you do that, ?!

Josu: Right there. Detonate!

Dad: Yoshikage!

Kirra: I did it! Josuke's been blown away, hasn't he?

Josu: Yeah, he was gloriously blown away.

Josu: All the way to Hell, with my directions.

Josu: Though, I mean, he was a ghost to begin with,

Josu: so it's more like he finally made it over.

Kira: Josuke...

Kira: J-Josuke!

Kira: Th-This must be some kind of mistake...

Kira: Something this horrible...

Kira: should not be happening in my life...

JoJo-main: ,when I just want to live as peacefully as a plant...

Kira: But what I mustn't forget at times like these

Kira: is that it's in times like these,

Kira: horrible times like these,

Kira: that opportunities present themselves.

Kira: I've learned that in the past.

Kira: When I'm backed into a corner, if I think things through rationally,

Kira: opportunities will make themselves available!

Kira: I, Yoshikage Kira, have always done this.

Kira: There is no trouble that I was

Kira: unable to overcome...

Kira: Ever!

Josu: You're within my range...

Jossu: Yoshikage Kira!

Haya: H-He's near him!

Haya: H-He finally got near him!

Haya: This is a close-quarters match, and it'll be over in an instant.

Haya: Josuke's ability is greater,

Haya: b-but if Kira touches him,he'll be turned into a b*mb!

Haya: A-And the wounds in Josuke's leg and torso from that blast...

Haya: Josuke, you shouldn't even be able to stand right now.

Kira: Josuke Higashikata!

Josu: Bring out... your Deadly Queen...

Kira: Deadly Queen!

Kira: H-He's strong...

Kira: I'm going to be defeated...

Kira: I, Yoshikage Kira, am going to be defeated!

Haya: N-No... How could...

Haya: We were so close! Josuke is stronger than him!

Haya: Is fate really on the side of that m*rder?

Josu: M-My fists didn't hit him...

Kira: These air b*ll*ts acted like cushions!

Kira: B-But it wasn't my intention to have it guard me...

JoJo-main: ,I didn't have time for that!

Kira: Stray Cat!

Kira: I see... Stray Cat thought it was being att*cked,

Kira: so it instinctively blocked the att*ck!

Kira: This is my chance! This is that chance!

Kira: A opportunity has presented itself at the worst of times, after all!

Kira: Deadly Queen!

Kira: Change that air b*llet into a b*mb!

Kira: I've won!

Kira: I've changed it into a contact b*mb!

JoJo-main: ,It'll explode if anyone touches it.

Kira: Josuke, with the damage you're currently suffering from,

Kira: you won't have the strength to dodge this!

Josu: Yoshikage Kira!

Haya: It's a contact b*mb?!

Haya: Josuke! It doesn't matter if it's glass or wood!

JoJo-main: ,Hit that and take cover!

Kira: I've won! This always happens when life deals its worst to me!

Kira: Luck is on the side of Yoshikage Kira!

Kira: Wh-What?!

Hhaya: Th-The air b*llet went off its course!

Kira: Y-You're...

Haya: You're...

Josu: You're...

Both: O-Okuyasu!

Oku: You know, I always wonder

Ok: where all the stuff I scrape away with The Hand goes.

Oku: Though I'm not really smart,

JoJo-main: ,so whenever I think too much about anything, I get a headache.

Oku: There.

Kira: What?!

Haya: I-I can't believe it... I-It's Okuyasu.

Haya: But his heart and breathing had completely stopped...

Oku: I had a weird dream...

Oku: While I was walking amid the darkness in that dream, I saw a light.

Oku: And I saw my dead brother...

Oku: My big brother, Keicho.

Oku: He asked me where I was going,

Oku: so I said that I was going to follow him.

Oku: I mean, my Bro was always reliable.

Oku: He never made any bad decisions, so I'd have nothing to worry about.

Oku: But then he said I should decide for myself.

Oku: He said, "Okuyasu, you're the one who has to decide where you're going to go."

Oku: I thought for a bit,

Oku: and answered that I was going back to Morioh, and then I woke up.

Oku: It was a really sad dream.

Josu: Okuyasu...

Josu: Y-You've got some nerve, dreaming at a time like this!

Oku: There's that lousy attitude! Despite your wounds,

Oku: you seem pretty okay.

Josu: Shut up!

Josu: If you were alive, you should have woken up sooner, !

Kira: I-Impossible... Fate should have been on my side...

Kira: I should have been given my opportunity!

Kira: Stray Cat! sh**t another sh*t!

Kira: Wh-What?!

Oku: Wh-Wh-Whoa... Whoa, there.

Haya: Y-Yes! Now Kira won't be able to use his air b*llet b*mb!

Kira: Th-Th-There's...

Kira: There has never been any trouble that I, Yoshikage Kira, was unable to overcome!

Koi: Look, Jotaro!

Koi: That loud sound must've come from that house.

Koi: I wonder what happened. Was it a gas expl*si*n?

Koi: L-Look! That man is injured!

Koi: Josuke and Okuyasu are there, too!

Roha: That kid is Hayato Kawajiri from the picture.

Jojo: And that man is Kosaku Kawajiri.

Jojo: It looks like everything's falling into place.

Haya: Any fate that would side with you...

Haya: Any opportunity that would come your way...

Haya: is nothing compared to the heart of justice that's here right now!

Haya: It's definitely here! It's right here for sure!

Haya: Compared to that heart, you're nothing!
Haya: ...is nothing compared to the heart of justice that's here right now!

Haya: It's definitely here! It's right here for sure!

Haya: Compared to that heart, you're nothing!

Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure

Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable

Kira: Th-This is a dream...

Kira: This... is a dream.

Kira: The idea that I'm being cornered like this...

JoJo-main: ,This has to be a dream.

Oku: You don't have...

Josu: ...anywhere left to run.

Haya: You're finished.

Koi: J-Josuke's badly hurt...

Roha: The battle had already g*n while we were waiting.

Roha: Which means...

Jojo: That's Yoshikage Kira.

Girl: Someone's hurt over there!

Guy: Get back! There's a chance of an expl*si*n from a gas leak!

Girl: Bring the ambulance over here!

Girl: Bring the stretcher!

Guy: It's dangerous, so please get back!

Girl: Are you all right?

Guy: Just get back!

Girl: Can you hear me?An ambulance is on its way.

Girl: You're going to be all right.

Haya: Don't let that lady near Kira!

Girl: We'll get you treated at the hospital right away.

Girl: Please, hang in there.

Girl: It'll be okay. Hang in there.

Haya: O-Oh, no!

Haya: That lady's been turned into a b*mb!

Girl: Can you see how many fingers I'm holding up?

Roha: Jotaro, we need your Star Platinum.

Jojo: I know.

Jojo: But it's no use unless I can get closer.

Jojo: Even if I stop time, we're too far away,

JoJo-main: ,and I can't do anything to him.

Jojo: I have to get at least five meters closer.

Josu: You turned someone into a b*mb and took them hostage?

Josu: Just try it! I'll fix her right up in a heartbeat!

Haya: No! It's not as simple as taking a hostage!

Haya: He's got a hidden ability!

Haya: It's an ability called Bites the Dust,and it can blow away time!

Sign: Episode     Goodbye, Morioh – The Heart of Gold

Haya: It must only work on people who aren't Stand users, like me or that lady,

Haya: and occurs coincidentally whenever Kira is in trouble.

Haya: Which means, when he's in despair like this, this ability activates

JoJo-main: ,and becomes a b*mb that can turn back time one hour!

Josu: What?

Kira: The knuckles and skin on your hand are so soft...

Kira: You have such cute, white fingers...

Kira: Will you rub my cheek?

Lady: Huh?

Kira: Rubbing my cheek calms me down so much...

Kira: When I was a child...

Kira: You've heard of Leonardo da Vinci's Mona Lisa, right?

Kira: When I saw that painting in an art book...

Kira: When I first saw that,

Kira: I don't know how to put it...

Kira: Um, this is a bit dirty, but...

Sign: Everything AboutLeonardo da Vinci'sWorld

Kira: I got an erection.

Kira: I just cut out the part with her hands

JoJo-main: ,and hung it in my room for a while.

Kira: I want to cut off yours, too.

Lady: What are you doing?!

Kira: My name is Yoshikage Kira!

Kira: I've k*lled  women with beautiful hands up to now.

Kira: You're the only one!

JoJo-main: ,You're the only one who will know my identity!

Haya: O-Oh, no! Bites the Dust is about to start!

Haya: If we don't defeat him now,

JoJo-main: ,everyone here but that lady will be blown away!

Koi: Jotaro!

Kira: Are you coming for me, Jotaro?

Kira: Bites the Dust was created because I didn't want to run into you!

Kira: Come closer! Just try and stop time!

Kira: How long will you be able to stop it?

JoJo-main: ,Just try to corner me more!

Kira: Pushing me to the limit again will make Bites the Dust appear!

Josu: Jotaro, stop time!

Josu: Don't let him push k*ller Queen's switch!

Lady: Wh-What?

Kira: No, this is the limit! I'm pushing it...

Kira: Now!

Kira: I-I did it! It activated!

Kira: I was able to return!

JoJo-main: ,It went into effect.

Kira: I was able to have Bites the Dust take effect again!

Kira: I b*at them!

Kiar: Now I can be free!

Kira: What was that just now?

Kira: The birds came from behind me and...

JoJo-main: ,What just happened?

Ira: Come to think of it, this isn't the way I usually take to work...

Kira: But if Bites the Dust did turn back time one hour,

JoJo-main: ,I should be on my way to work now...

Kira: What time is it right now?

Kira: That's right. I had put my watch in my chest pocket.

Kira: This is...

Kira: Why is it broken?!

JoJo-main: ,It's :! Bites the Dust did go into effect again!

Kira: The watch that Hayato broke with Stray Cat should have returned to normal, too!

Rei: Haven't you realized it?

Rei: So the Kosaku Kawajiri that Rohan took a picture of was Yoshikage Kira...

Ei: And it's finally over, isn't it?

Rei: They finally cornered you, Yoshikage Kira.

Kira: Who are you?

Rei: You don't remember me?

Rei: Well, I guess that's no surprise.

JoJo-main: ,It happened fifteen years ago.

Rei: Something very traumatic must have happened.

Rei: Something so traumatic that you don't even realize what happened to you.

Kira: Are you a new Stand user?!

Rei: I'll make you realize that you're already dead!

Kira: What?

Rei: This isn't any Stand ability!

Rei: This is proof that all that's here is the completely black soul of a dead k*ller!

Ei: Well? Do you remember how you d*ed now?

Jojo: Even if I stop time right now, I'm too far away from him.

Josu: Don't let him push the switch!

Kira: No, this is the limit! I'm pushing it...

Kira: Now!

Act: Act Three!  Freeze! He's now within five meters!

Act: S-h-i-t!

Kia: You rotten pieces of !

Jojo: Star Platinum! The World!

Jojo: Koichi, you truly are a reliable guy.

Jojo: I'm truly thankful that I came to this town and met you.

Jjo: And...

Jojo: Good grief.

JoJo-main: ,I made it in time.

Jjo: Time has g*n to move again.

Sfx: Crush

Josu: H-He did it!

Haya: He made it in time!

Kira: I'll push it... I'm gonna push it...

Kira: Bites the Dust will go into effect again...

Lady: H-How? He just suddenly went flying back!

Kira: I'm gonna push it... I-I'm gonna push it...

Kira: I'm gonna push the switch right now...

Roha: I know he's our enemy, but he really is something.

Guy: Hey, stop!

Guy: Stop!

Sign: Morioh Fire Department

Guy: Someone's on the ground back here!

Josu: What?!

Guy: O-Oh, no! A guy's been run over by an ambulance!

Guy: I didn't realize he was there!

Guy: Drive back forward! Forward!

Guy: You there! Get outside of the tape!

Guy: Get back! Please hurry and get back!

Guy: Are you one of the injured, too?

Guy: It's no use. He's dead. He d*ed instantly.

Oku: He's dead?

Guy: It was like he dove under there himself.

Girl: This is my responsibility.

Girl: I'm not trying to make excuses, but I didn't have a chance to restrain him.

Jojo: This is unbelievable.

Guy: His head was caught between the tire and the road...

Guy: The skin on his face has been ripped off.

Guy: Pardon me.

Guy: Do you happen to know the identity of the deceased?

Lady: He said that his name was Yoshikage Kira.

Guy: Kira...

Guy: There's a family by the name of Kira in Kotodai that goes back generations.

Guy: I heard its only current member lives alone, so he might not have any family...

Koi: An accident... His demise was due to an accidental death.

Roh: But this is how it should be.

Roha: There would be no way to punish him in court.

Roha: This was the best outcome.

Haya: I... didn't actually get along with my dad that well...

Haya: But my dad was m*rder by him.

Haya: I wanted him punished.

Haya: I wanted someone to punish him.

Rei: It looks like you remember, Yoshikage Kira...

Rei: The exact way you d*ed.

Rei: It looks like you remember now!

Kira: Just what are you?! Who are you?!

Rei: Fifteen years ago, you didn't have a Stand ability,

JoJo-main: ,so you couldn't make corpses disappear.

Rei: That's why, when I d*ed, it was in all the papers.

Rei: Do you remember this wound on my back?

Rei: Or, since it was your first m*rder, you forgot to take my hand,

Rei: so perhaps I wasn't as memorable?!

Kira: It's you...

Kira: I believe your name was Reimi Sugimoto...

Kira: What have you been doing here for fifteen years?!

Kira: Wait...

Kira: Why would you go to the trouble of showing me

JoJo-main: ,the wound on your back and telling me who you are?

Kira: This wouldn't be the place where you're not supposed to turn around, is it?

Kira: My father told me that there was a road in this town where spirits of the dead walk,

Kira: and if you were to find yourself there, you must not turn around.

Kira: If you were to turn around, an uncontrollable power

JoJo-main: ,would drag you off somewhere.

Kira: You weren't showing me

JoJo-main: ,the wound on your back so I'd end up in front of you,

JoJo-main: ,forcing me to turn around, were you?

Kira: You weren't trying to trick me, were you?

Rei: Let's have you turn around.

JoJo-main: ,I'd like to see what would happen.

Kira: Come on! Turn around!

JoJo-main: ,You will turn around!

Rei: Did you really think

Rei: that I didn't expect you to try to do this to me?

Ei: We've been waiting fifteen years for you to come here...

Kira: "We"?

Rei: Arnold!

Kira: What?!

Rei: Now, let's have you punished, Yoshikage Kira.

Kira: What? What are these things?!

Kira: Deadly Queen!

Kira: Make these things explode!

Kira: I-I...

Kira: Wh-Where are they going to take me?

Ei: Who knows?

Rei: But...

Rei: I'm sure it's somewhere you won't be able to rest in peace.

Rei: Now,

JoJo-main: ,we can finally...

Rei: We can finally go...

Sign: Help Wanted

Koi: Reimi! Are you really leaving?

Koi: It wouldn't hurt if you stayed a little longer, would it?

Koi: It feels like this town's losing its guardian angel...

Koi: It makes me uneasy, knowing that you're leaving.

Rei: Thanks... But there's nothing left for us to do in this town.

Rei: The time has come for us to leave this town.

JoJo-main: ,We have to go.

Rei: Or what? Are you going to cry when I leave

JoJo-main: ,because you'll miss me, Rohan?

Roha: Don't be stupid.

Sign: KisaraDrugs

Roha: Why would I miss you?

JoJo-main: ,You already d*ed fifteen years ago.

Roha: I said this before, but I still believe that ghosts should give up

JoJo-main: ,whatever attachments they have left here, and just hurry up and pass on.

Roha: Oh, fine! Since this is the last time, I'll be honest!

Roha: I will miss you!

Roha: Of course I don't want you to go!

Josu: Hey.

Koi: Josuke! Everyone!

Cray: So it's finally over, Reimi.

Koi: Yukako! Hazamada, and everyone else!

Mich: We came to see you off.

Rei: Everyone...

Josu: I know it's strange to say this to a dead person, but take care.

Oku: I'm going to miss you, too.

Jose: You're a wonderful young lady.

Koi: Reimi! Thank you for everything!

Koi: Because of you, this town was saved!

Rei: Thanks, Koichi.

JoJo-main: ,But I believe we all saved Morioh together.

Jose: I'm sure that no one here will ever forget you.

Rei: Thank you, everyone.

Rei: Goodbye, everyone.

Koi: Goodbye, Reimi.

Kkoi: Goodbye...

Mom: He's awfully late tonight...

Mom: I wonder if he had to work overtime.

Mom: He could call, at least...

Mom: Oh, Hayato.

JoJo-main: ,You go on and eat before it gets cold.

Mom: I'll eat when your father gets home.

Mom: Hayato?

Haya: I'll wait, too...

Haya: I'll eat with you

Haya: when Dad gets home, too...

Mom: You sure?

Mom: By the way, have you gotten a little taller lately?

Koi: Our town, Morioh, was deeply hurt.

Koi: The town was hurt by the monster named Yoshikage Kira

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,that this town itself had created.

Koi: I'm sure that Hayato's mom

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,will forever be waiting for her husband to return.

Koi: Shigechi's parents will forever be waiting for him to return.

Koi: The families of the daughters and sisters k*lled by Yoshikage Kira

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,will forever be waiting for their return.

Koi: The pain of their wounds will now only get deeper.

Koi: How can we try to ease this pain?

Koi: Will it be life-threatening for this town's future, or will it eventually disappear?

Koi: I have no idea.

Jose: Are you worried, Jotaro?

Jose: About leaving this town?

Jojo: Yeah, a little.

Jose: After watching Josuke and the others get involved in this incident in Morioh,

Jose: there's one thing that I can say...

Jose: That the young people in this town have hearts of gold.

Jose: The same hearts of gold shining with justice

JoJo-main: ,that we saw when we headed to Egypt.

Jose: I saw that within Josuke and the others...

Jose: As long as they have that, they'll be fine.

Jose: We won't have to worry about this town any longer.

Josu: Hey, Old Man!

Josu: Can't you hear me, Old Man?

Jose: Now, then... I guess I should say goodbye to the son I'm so proud of.

Josu: The picture of my mom that I just gave you...

JoJo-main: ,You still got it?

Jose: Yes. I put it in my wallet, just as you asked.

Jose: I'm leaving without seeing your mother, but I wish her nothing but happiness.

Josu: Ah... So you put it in your wallet...

Josu: This is the edge of that picture.

Josu: Shining Diamond!

Josu: I'll be taking this!

Josu: A dad should give his son an allowance, right?

Josu: Not to mention, if you take that picture back home,

JoJo-main: ,your old lady's gonna get mad at you again!

Jose: Y-You little brat...

Jojo: You gonna take back what you said about him having a heart of gold, old man?

Josu: Take care!

Koi: The invisible baby's mother was never found,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,and the baby ended up being adopted by Joseph Joestar.

Koi: Jotaro Kujo got his doctorate from a thesis he wrote

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,while he was here about a starfish he saw on the beach.

Mom: Josuke, that jerk!

Mom: He ate the snack I was saving for myself again!

Mom: Ugh!

Mom: I'm gonna drink his juice.

Yuka: Koichi!

Yuka: Sorry!

JoJo-main: ,I was late because I was making us lunch.

Koi: Huh? You made us lunch? Thanks!

Koi: I can't wait to eat it.

Oku: So good!

Sfx: Whew

Oku: Oh, here it comes! Yeah! That intensity!

Oku: You might be able to turn back to normal, Dad!

Oku: Well, whatever.

Girl: My skin is so soft!

Girl: My eyes feel so refreshed!

Girl: The food here was amazing!

Yuu: Right? Even I look so much more beautiful that I don't know what

JoJo-main: ,I'm going to do with myself.

Rei: You're shining, Yu.

JoJo-overlap,Ake: So shiny!

Yuu: You think so?

Yuu: I'm shiny, eh?

Toni: Grazie!

Toni: I look forward to your next visit.

Sis: I just saw Ko holding hands with a really pretty girl!

Mom: Huh? What does that mean? He hasn't told me anything!

Girl: Did you hear about Mr. Kira who went missing?

girl: I did! You mean how he turned up as a faceless corpse, right?

Girl: That's so scary...

Haza: What are you gonna do about it?

Masa: Wha?

Haza: I'm telling you that juice sprayed out from the can

JoJo-main: ,you kicked and got all over my manga!

Masa: That's not my problem!

Roha: One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.

Roha: All right. Warm-up exercises done.

Sign: Shonen Jump

Sign: Thanks for waiting!Serialization Returns!

Guy: Is it really so interesting to look at the town all the time?

Guy: Nothing ever changes.

Miki: It is.

JoJo-main: ,This town is very interesting.

Koi: And so, for most people, the summer of  passed like any other summer.

Oku: Hey, did you hear?

Oku: Apparently, Rohan was caught shoplifting at Kame Yu.

Koi: What?!

Josu: That's insane if it's true.

Oku: Yeah, but I'm not really sure.

Koi: You aren't even sure?

Josu: Ah... Well, let's go.
Guy: Hey, mister! This is the best deal you're going to find in town!

Guy : That's exactly what the other guy said.

Guy: Then as a bonus, I'll give you a tour of the city!

Guy : Seriously?

Girl: Hilarious!

Girl: Huh? What?

Guy : What's wrong?

Girl: My bag is gone!

Guy : What?

Guy: Here you go.

Cop: So, any changes lately?

Guy: Not at all, thanks to you.

Cop: I see.

Cop: Sorry to bother you.

Guy: This is what you want, right?

Kid: Yeah!

Kid: Oh, but this is all I have right now.

Guy: Then this is all I can sell you.

Nar: Naples: a city located in southern Italy.

Nar: It's a famous tourist spot so beautiful that

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,people say you should see it at least once before you die.

Girls: Pardon us.

Girl: How do you get to Santa Chiara?

Gio: Oh, to get to Santa Chiara, go straight, and then, at the first light—

Girl: See? I told you!

Girl: I told you it was over there.

Girl : My bad...

Girl : Thanks so mu—

Gio: Whoa, there.

Gio: Are you all right?

Girl : Th-Thank you...

Girl : Um, I'm sorry about that.

Guy: Be more careful.

Girl : Let's go.

Gio: Hey.

Gio: You dropped this.

Girl : Thank you so much!

Gio: No problem.

Guy: Hey, wasn't that guy super cool?

Girl : I should've asked for a picture.

Girl : Did those just come out of my bag?

Girl: What? They probably just landed on it for a second.

Girl : Yeah, you're right.

Gio: You can't let your guard down in this city.

Gio: Pardon me.

Gio: Could I get a cone with a scoop of chocolate and a scoop of pistachio?

Gio: Make that two.

Guy: You got it.

JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio    Golden Wind

Guy: Hey! How many times do I have to tell you

JoJo-top: ,that you can't run your business here without a license?

Guy: Move your car!

Guy: Honestly...

Cop: You only moved one car length away!

Creep: So, whaddya say? It's faster than lining up.

Guy: What do you think?

driver: I'll get you into the city real cheap.

Luca: Really? How cheap?

Creep: L-Luca!

Luca: Didn't I tell you that you need to pay

JoJo-main: ,the protection fees you owe me before doing any more business?

driver: You can't be serious!

Luca: I told you that you need to pay the protection fees you owe me

JoJo-main: ,before doing any more business, right?

Driver: But...

Luca: Right?!

Driver: But I have a family...

Driver: P-Please stop!

Luca: You should think more about your friendship with me than your family...

Luca: Got it?

Driver: I'm not the only one ignoring you to keep doing business!

Luca: Well, who?

Luca: Who is it?

Driver: I-It's Giorno! Giorno Giovanna!

Luca: Giorno?

Driver: That kid's been making a fortune lately!

Luca: Giorno?

Luda: Well, I'll deal with him later.

Guy: Hey, you!

Guy: You can't run your business here without a license!

Guy: Go somewhere else!

Giorno: Buon giorno!

Kochi: I'm finally here!

Koichi: That flight was so long!

Koichi: The air sure is different here!

Koichi: Now, then, time to get to work.

Koichi: Haruno Shiobana... That's an unusual name.

Koichi: First, I need to get to my hotel.

Koichi: I want to dump my luggage so I can move around a bit more freely.

Kochi: Let's see... Where's the taxi pick-up...

Cop : Whoa, that's amazing!

Cop : I know, right? That trick is amazing!

Cop : This shouldn't be possible!

Cop : How are you even doing that?

Cop : That's so gross!

Cop : How'd you stuff your whole ear into your head?

Cop : Man, that was entertaining!

Giorno: Thanks.

Cop : Don't attract too much attention with your job here.

Giorno: Looking for a taxi?

Koichi: No, n-not really...

Giorno: You sure?

Giorno: I'm just finishing up my part-time job and about to head home, so I'll make it cheap.

Giorno: How about , lire to get you into the city?

Koichi: ,? That's... about , yen.

Kochi: That's way too expensive!

JoJo-main: ,The basic rate is about half that!

Giorno: Wow, you speak the language perfectly.

Koichi: Huh?

Giorno: Did you used to live in Italy?

Koichi: No, I just had Rohan-sensei make it so I could speak... Never mind that!

Koichi: M-More importantly, you're saying you'll drive?

Koichi: You look like you're only in middle school or high school.

Koichi: And I saw you give the security guys something.

Koichi: I'm pretty sure I saw some money. What's that about?

Giorno: Come on, now. You don't need to worry about those things.

giorno: Okay, how about for , lire?

Giorno: I won't even ask for a tip.

JoJo-main: ,I'll take you into the city for exactly ,.

Koichi: Huh? , would be about...  yen?!

Koichi: No, it's okay.

JoJo-main: ,I'll just wait at the taxi pick-up...

Giorno: Are you sure?

Koichi: You'll really only charge ,?

Giorno: Yup.

JoJo-main: ,But you'll have to load your luggage on your own.

Giorno: Since I'm not asking for a tip.

Giorno: Put your luggage up front. You can sit in the back.

Koichi: Just so you know,

JoJo-main: ,you'd better not think of me as some Japanese tourist who's not used to traveling.

Koichi: Just get me to my hotel in earnest.

Giorno: Yes. I'll get you there in earnest.

Giorno: Or should I say... I'll get your empty luggage there.

Koichi: Huh? Wait... I didn't even get in yet...

Cop: Keep your mouth shut!

Koichi: Don't tell me...

Koichi: Hold it!

Giorno: Ciao!

Koichi: Reverb Act !

Koichi: Too bad for you...

Koichi: Didn't I tell you not to underestimate me?

Koichi: You can run if you want.

JoJo-main: ,As long as my luggage is safe, I don't care.

Cop: Look at that! Giorno actually screwed up!

Cop : That's what he gets for trying to trick

JoJo-main: ,a Japanese tourist when he's half Japanese himself!

Cop : Though people would never be able to tell he's Japanese,

JoJo-main: ,with that hair color and a name like Giorno Giovanna.

Koichi: It couldn't be...

Koichi: Huh? It's gone! How?!

Koichi: Is this some kind of egg?

Koichi: I-Is it a Stand?! But that's impossible!

Koichi: Would one show up the second I get to Italy?!

Koichi: That's not a Stand! The way that frog felt...

Koichi: It's actually alive!

Koichi: But seriously, how'd my suitcase disappear?!

Koichi: He didn't have any time to hide it!

Koichi: This is horrible!

Koichi: This is only a hunch, but...

Koichi: Excuse me!

Koichi: Could I ask you some questions about that taxi driver?

Giorno: I think it's about time...

Luca: Are you Giorno Giovanna?

Luca: This is the first time we're meeting.

JoJo-main: ,Do you know who I am, Giorno?

Giorno: Leaky Eye Luca.

Giorno: I heard that

JoJo-main: ,even after someone stabbed a Kn*fe deep into your face, you didn't stop fighting.

Giorno: And because of that,

JoJo-main: ,even though your wound has healed, your eye is always watering.

Luca: Hey, why don't you have a seat right here?

Luca: Come on, sit down.

Luca: It's tiring having to look up at you to talk.

Luca: How old are you?

Giorno: Fifteen.

Luca: Fifteen?! Wow, you're just a kid!

Luca: Say, Giorno, there are three "yous" to remember in friendship.

Luca: Three "yous," got that?

Luca: The first one is you don't lie.

Luca: The second one is you don't hold grudges.

Luca: And the third is you respect the other.

Luca: Sounds good, right? Those are the three "yous" of friendship.

Giorno: Can I help you?

Luca: I'm the one talking right now!

JoJo-main: ,Who said you could ask questions, you dumbass?!

Luca: I heard you've been working part-time around the airport...

Luca: I, Leaky Eye Luca, haven't received

JoJo-main: ,any of the gifts that you should've given me out of respect yet.

Luca: How do you expect our friendship to last like that?

Luca: Let me take a peek at your wallet.

Giorno: Luca.

Giorno: I already paid my protection fees. I don't have any money.

Luca: To the security guards?!

JoJo-main: ,That has nothing to do with me!

Luca: What's this? A photo of a family member?

Luca: Where's my money?

JoJo-main: ,I want the money! Show me your wallet!

Giorno: Luca...

Giorno: Don't make me say the same thing twice.

Giorno: I told you, I already paid, so I don't have any.

Giorno: Don't make me say it a third time.

Luca: You little sh*t!

Luca: What the hell is that creature?

Giorno: It came back.

Luca: Smack it off!

Giorno: This frog has nothing to do with this.

JoJo-main: ,I won't smack it off.

Luca: I gave you an order, and I told you to pay me a protection fee!

Luca: So you're going to disobey both of those?

Luca: You're going to tell me, Leaky Eye Luca, "no" to both of those things?!

Giorno: This is a living creature that has its own conscience,

JoJo-main: ,and it's thinking on its own.

Giorno: You really shouldn't.

Luca: You're... You're...

Giorno: I could never just smack it off.

Giorno: Don't! It's harmless as long as you don't do anything!

Luca: You're finished!

Whack,Sfx: Whack

Giorno: I told you not to.

JoJo-main: ,It's not even that loyal to me yet.

Giorno: It's just trying to protect itself. It has its own life.

Giorno: Any att*ck on it becomes an att*ck on oneself, and it's fatal.

Giorno: And...

JoJo-main: ,I asked you not to make me say it a third time.

Giorno: Making me say the same thing over and over again

Giorno: is useless.

Giorno: And I hate that because it's useless.

Giorno: Totally useless.

Koichi: A piece of this guy's skin?

Jotaro: Yeah. I want you to get a sample of it and send it to me, Koichi,

Jotaro: so the Speedwagon Foundation can check its composition.

Koichi: Its composition? Who is this guy?

Jotaro: His father, who d*ed, was a bit special.

JoJo-flashback: ,That's why we want to investigate.

Jotaro: It can be thin. I just need you to get me a piece.

Jotaro: That's it.

Koichi: I see...

Jotaro: I'll cover all your expenses for this trip.

Koichi: What?! All of them?

Koichi: Hmm...

Koichi: I'm sorry if this sounds rude, but this guy sort of looks like you, Jotaro.

Koichi: The address on this picture is somewhere around here...

Koichi: How careless.

Guy: You don't need to worry about them.

Guy: No one around here is dumb enough to try and steal their briefcase.

Koichi: Oh... I guess this is a nice neighborhood.

Girl: Hey, can I sit next to you?

Guy: Would you like to come in for a meal, sir?

Girl : No, I'm going to sit next to him!

Koichi: N-No, it's okay!

Girl : Hey, Giorno! Have some tea with me!

Girl: What? Wait, I'll pay for you!

Giorno: You guys are too loud.

Girl : No, me! Me!

Giorno: I like being alone. Go away.

Girls: Fine...

Girl: See you tomorrow, Giorno!

Girls: Ciao!

Koichi: Th-That's—

Koichi: Hey! Whose money is that?! Are you using my money?!

Giorno: You?! How'd you know I was here?

Koichi: Give me back my passport! Where's my luggage?!

Giorno: It hurts me to say this,

Giorno: but they're gone. I sold them off, unfortunately.

Giorno: So stop following me.

Koichi: You're not getting away this time!

Giorno: What's with this weight?

Giorno: Wait... So that wasn't a malfunction earlier?

Giorno: Don't tell me... he has the same kind of powers as me...

Koichi: What did you just say?

Giorno: It's heavy!

Giorno: Golden Wind!

Giorno: Life, spring forth!

Giorno: Bring forth new life!

Koichi: I think I just caught a glimpse of something.

Koichi: Act !

Act: That bastard disappeared.

Koichi: That's impossible!

JoJo-main: ,There's no way he'd be able to escape  Freeze's range that easily!

Giorno: I'll say this one more time. Don't even think about coming after me.

Giorno: I hate saying things twice when I shouldn't have to.

Giorno: Because it's useless to say it twice.

Giorno: I'll say this for your own good.

JoJo-main: ,You shouldn't do things that are useless.

Koichi: Knock him down, Act !

Koichi: Th-The att*ck on the tree came back to me...

Giorno: I took something of yours,

Giorno: but I can tell you held back when you were trying to hit me,

JoJo-main: ,when I see what that damage has done to you.

Giorno: You're a good person.

Koichi: There's no doubt about it.Giorno Giovanna...

Koichi: He's a Stand user!

Sign: Giorno Giovanna

Sign: Golden Wind

Jotaro: Hello?

Koichi: Jotaro, it's me, Koichi!

Jotaro: Oh, Koichi. Did you get to Italy?

Koichi: I found him!

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,The guy you asked me to find! Haruno Shiobana!

Jotaro: That was fast.

Koichi: Where do I even begin?

JoJo-main: ,I immediately ran into him at the airport...

Koichi: And, yes, it's safe to say...

Koichi: He's a Stand user!

Koichi: He goes by the name Giorno Giovanna in Italy.

Koichi: You mentioned before that

Koichi: Stand users are drawn to other Stand users, right?

Koichi: We seriously met by coincidence!

Koichi: He's a student, but he acts like a delinquent.

JoJo-main: ,He stole my money and my luggage!

Koichi: And it appears his Stand's ability is

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,returning his opponent'sattack right back at them.

Jotaro: Sorry about all this.

JoJo-main: ,I'll get you a hotel and wire you some money.

Koichi: Thank you.

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Also, his hair was blond, unlike in the picture.

Koichi: After asking some people who knew him about it,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,they said that he didn't dye it. It just suddenly turned that color.

Koichi: Something about his dead father's genes.

Koichi: Who's his father?

Koichi: Are you and his father somehow related?

jotaro: I'm the one

jotaro: who k*lled his father.

Jotaro: His name is DIO Brando.

Koichi: DIO?

Koichi: You mean the one involved with the bow and arrow?

Glob: ,s*ab

Jotaro: I found out this year that DIO may have had a child.

Jotaro: That's why I wanted to find out for sure

Jotaro: if Giorno Giovanna was really DIO's child, and if he's somehow inherited his body.

Koichi: But doesn't DIO's body belong to the Joestar bloodline?

Jotaro: The fact that his hair turned blond may be a sign that

Jotaro: the DIO blood in him, his Stand power, recently awakened.

Jotaro: There might have been a trigger...

JoJo-main: ,like a powerful Stand user being in that city.

Koichi: A powerful Stand user?

Jotaro: Don't go near him anymore.

Jotaro: It's dangerous to take this further.

Jotaro: Understand?

Koichi: Just one last question...

Koichi: Is he our enemy?

Koichi: Or is he a friend?

Jotaro: What do you think?

Jotaro: You're the one who actually met him.

Jotaro: What was your impression of him?

Koichi: I'm not sure.

Koichi: But, um...

Koichi: He seemed like a very eloquent person.

Bruno: Did you drop this?

Giorno: No.

Bruno: I see.

Bruno: Guess it's mine now.

Bruno: Let's say you found a bag with , lire inside.

Bruno: would you take it to the authorities?

Giorno: No way. I'd totally take it.

Bruno: Well, aren't you honest?

Bruno: But what if I was a plainclothes police officer and saw you take it?

Giorno: I'd give you half and have you look the other way... probably.

Bruno: Wow, that's great!

Bruno: And I'm sure that's actually what you'd do.

Bruno: You're not kidding or bluffing.

Bruno: I can tell! You're telling the truth.

Bruno: You see... I can tell if people are telling the truth or not.

Bruno: I'm almost certain.

Bruno: You know how your skin gets shiny when you sweat?

Bruno: That's how I can tell.

Bruno: I think I'll have an even better idea if I taste your sweat.

Giorno: Who are you?

Bruno: Leaky Eye Luca was found on the ground near the airport after having

JoJo-main: ,his own spade buried in the back of his head.

Bruno: It's a rather serious injury. He won't be regaining consciousness.

Bruno: I'm trying to find out who's responsible.

Bruno: Giorno Giovanna, no one knows why Leaky Eye Luca was at the airport.

Bruno: But the airport security guards

JoJo-main: ,let me know that you were at the airport.

Bruno: That's why I figured I'd come see you and ask you some questions.

Giorno: Are you actually a police officer?

Bruno: Of course not.

Bruno: Luca's no ordinary crook. He's a g*ng member.

JoJo-main: ,There are plenty of reasons he might've been taken out.

Bruno: He knew how to get people to hate him.

Bruno: But that's not what his boss is thinking about.

Bruno: The boss feels like his name was

JoJo-main: ,personally tarnished since one of his own was taken out.

Bruno: That's why he told me to find out who took him out and settle the score.

Bruno: I'm asking you...

JoJo-main: ,Did you happen to run into Leaky Eye Luca at the airport?

Giorno: No. I don't know who you're talking about.

Bruno: You're not sweating.

JoJo-main: ,All right, I'll believe you.

Bruno: That does it for my questions.

JoJo-main: ,Sorry to have bothered you, Giorno Giovanna.

Giorno: What is that?

JoJo-main: ,My hand was clenched the whole time.

Bruno: That's Luca's right eye.

Bruno: He's unconscious anyway, so I just brought it.

Bruno: This taste... is the taste of someone who's lying, Giorno Giovanna!

Bruno: Well, well, well, well...

Bruno: I said I was done with my questions,

Bruno: but the situation seems to have changed, Giorno Giovanna.

Bruno: You told me a lie.

JoJo-main: ,And now, I'm going to have to find out why you lied to me, aren't I?!

Bruno: What are you looking at?

JoJo-main: ,Are you jealous?

JoJo-main: ,Did you want to hit him, too?

Bruno: My name is Bruno Bucciarati.

Bruno: Answer me.

JoJo-main: ,Your questioning has already turned into t*rture.

Bruno: Well? This is a pretty creepy ability, isn't it?

Giorno: Th-That's...

Bruno: Those are Luca's fingers.

Bruno: To tell you the truth...

JoJo-main: ,Leaky Eye Luca was disposed of by our boss.

Bruno: He said that there's no point in him living anymore.

Bruno: I took his fingers for torturing.

Giorno: It's happening again! What the hell?

Giorno: Is he also like that Japanese tourist?

Bruno: Other than being able to tell if people are lying or not, I can also do this...

Bruno: I can put whatever I want in your mouth.

Bruno: For example...

Bruno: I can even put that fire extinguisher in your mouth.

Bruno: Though I'm afraid you'd die if I did that...

Bruno: Talk!

Bruno: You know who's responsible.

Bruno: Were you told not to tell anyone?

Bruno: Let's have you tell me who did Luca in.

Giorno: There's no doubt about it... He has a similar ability!

Bruno: If you don't hurry up and tell me, your t*rture is just going to get worse,

Bruno: Giorno Giovanna!

Giorno: This guy's bad news!

Giorno: In that case...

Giorno: I'll have to use Golden Wind and dodge his att*cks!
Nar: Giorno Giovanna.

JoJo-topinternal: ,His father is DIO Brando.

Nar: DIO always saw women as mere tools or food,

Nar: so it's unknown how Giorno's mother was able to give birth

JoJo-topinternal: ,to Giorno fifteen years ago without being k*lled.

Nar: Giorno's mother was a very beautiful woman,

Nar: but she was far from a model mother.

Nar: After Giorno was born, they lived in Japan,

Nar: but she would often go out at all hours of the night,

Nar: leaving young Giorno alone at home.

Girl: You sure you should leave your kid home alone?

Girl: Isn't he, like, two or something?

mom: Oh, it's fine.

Mom: I'm not about to lose my freedom just because I had a kid.

Shiobana,Sign: Shiobana

Nar: Giorno would wake up in the middle of the night, and his mother wouldn't be there.

Nar: How terrifying and despairing that must be for a child of one or two.

Nar: There was no point in crying, so Giorno would just sit there, trembling.

Nar: When Giorno was four, his mother got married.

Nar: She married an Italian, and therefore, Giorno also became an Italian citizen.

Guy: Um...

Dad: What are you doing over here?

Dad: Come on, Haruno.

JoJo-flashback: ,Come take some photos with us.

Dad: You mother's waiting for you.

Nar: But as you'd suspect, when Haruno's mother wasn't around...

Dad: You're always looking at me,trying to figure out what mood I'm in.

Dad: You annoying little brat!

Nar: But it was actually the opposite.

Dad: What's the matter?

Dad: Oh, the bread.

Dad: Here you go.

Dad: Jeez, you're such a gloomy kid.

Nar: The one who got him into the habit of trying to read others' moods

Nar: was this man himself.

Nar: This made Giorno

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,the perfect target for the local kids to take out their anger on.

Kid : Whoa, what's wrong, Giorno?

JoJo-flashback: ,Why'd you trip over nothing?

Popo: Hey, you kids. Hurry up and get home.

Kids: Yes, sir.

Kid: Let's go.

Kid : Yeah.

Kid: Go back to Japan, you little freak.

Kid : He never fights back, does he?

Kid : He's so creepy.

Nar: He started to believe that he was the lowest scum to walk this Earth,

Nar: and that it was only a matter of time until

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,he would grow up to be like the rest of the twisted people who lived in this town.

Nar: But a certain incident would save Giorno from this fate.

Guy: Damn it, where did he go?

Guy : Find him! Don't let him get away!

Guy : He can't get far with those wounds!

Guy: You don't think he went into someone's house, do you?

Guy : Keep your eyes on the ground! There should be blood.

Guy: You go straight ahead. We'll go this way.

Guy: Hey, kid.

Guy: Have you seen an injured man around here?

Guy: He's tall and has black hair.

Giorno: He went that way.

Guy : That way?

Guy : He won't be able to move fast with those wounds!

Guy : Let's find him!

Nar: He felt no fear.

Nar: He just felt that the man

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,on the ground also seemed alone and lonely, just like him.

Guy : Come on!

Guy: Coming!

Nar: Thankfully, the man was hidden behind the grass, which was suddenly taller.

Nar: This was due to Giorno's Golden Wind ability,

Nar: but Giorno didn't know he had this ability yet, so he did it subconsciously.

Nar: Around two months later...

X: I'll never forget what you did for me.

Nar: Not long after,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Giorno's father stopped hitting him.

Dad: Damn it!

Dad: Why does he care so much about Giorno?

Kid: Come sit over here, Giorno.

Kid: Come on, don't be shy.

Nar: The mean kids changed their tune.

Kid : I know it's not the best seat, but...

Nar: The man was a gangster.

Guy: Here you go, kid!

Giorno: This is... too much.

Giorno: I think there's been a mistake...

Guy: The scoop of chocolate is my treat!

Giorno: Thanks...

Guy: Don't sweat it! That guy always takes really good care of me.

Nar: The man would always just quietly watch over him.

Nar: Despite Giorno being a child who always tried to read other people's moods,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,the man treated him with respect as a human being.

Nar: Giorno learned how to trust others,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,a natural trait that should havebeen learned from his parents,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,from silent interactions with a stranger.

Guy: What was that?

Lady: A g*n?

Lady: We shouldn't get involved.

Guy: Talk about bad luck...

Giorno: U-Um...

Guy: What is it?

Nar: The man acted somewhat cruelly,

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,determined not to drag Giorno into the world of gangsters.

Guy: Hey, wait up!

Kid: Hold it!

Kid: You're the one who k*lled my dad, aren't you?!

Guy: You little sh*t! Damn it!

Kid: Damn it!

Kid: Damn it!

X: Your dad was scum.

X: He broke the rules of my turf by selling dr*gs.

X: He even sold them to women and children.

X: That's why I k*lled him.

Kid: How? Why?!

JoJo-flashback: ,Why can't I sh**t?

Kid: You're...

Kid: You're a piece of scum, too!

Nar: Giorno didn't think the man was scum in the least.

Nar: Bizarrely, the gangs that committed crimes and broke the law

Nar: were what straightened out Giorno's heart.

Nar: In a city where politicians were corrupt and the police didn't protect the weak,

Nar: Giorno Giovanna found his reason to live.

Nar: Rather than looking up to a player in Serie A,

Nar: he wanted to become a g*ng-Star!

Bruno: This taste... is the taste of someone who's lying!

Bruno: My name is Bruno Bucciarati.

Bruno: Answer me.

Bruno: Your questioning has already turned into t*rture.

Bruno: Does your head feel wobbly, as if it's about to fall off?

Bruno: Though I'm pretty sure you have no idea what I've done to you.

Giorno: My body has a zipper?!

Bruno: Giorno Giovanna.

Bruno: If I wanted to, I could roll your head around like a ball

JoJo-main: ,while I ask you who did Leaky Eye Luca in.

Giorno: I don't think I could withstand another one of his att*cks.

Giorno: He'll tear me apart!

Giorno: I only noticed this ability a few months back,

Giorno: but I've never used Golden Wind to att*ck another human.

Giorno: When Golden Wind hits something, it can give it life.

Giorno: Any object can change into any living thing.

Giorno: But...

Giorno: Even I don't know what'll happen if

Giorno: it att*cks another human being!

Bruno: Answer me, Giorno Giovanna!

Giorno: I don't have any other choice!

Gold: Useless!

Bagyah,Sfx: Bagyah

Bruno: What?!

Rumble,Sfx: Rumble

Bruno: Y-You're...

Bruno: a Stand user!

Rumble,Sfx: Rumble

Bruno: So you could see my ability!

Giorno: A what user?

Bruno: So you're the one who att*cked Luca!

Giorno: Didn't Golden Wind hit him head-on?

Giorno: Then he should at least have a broken bone or two.

Bruno: You bastard...

Bruno: Wh-What?

Bruno: What did you do to me, you bastard?!

Bruno: What the? I was just trying to stand...

JoJo-main: ,I'm overflowing with power!

Bruno: I can feel more and more power rising in me...

Bruno: It's as though my body's been filled with the gasoline of life.

Bruno: What?

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Its movements look slow.

Whoosh,Sfx: Whoosh

Bruno: Could it be that I ended up like this because of your ability?

Whoosh,Sfx: Whoosh

Whoosh,Sfx: Whoosh

Bruno: You're a fool if you have a Stand that grants your enemies power!

Bruno: Take this, Giorno Giovanna!

Bruno: What? I can see myself...

Bruno: What am I doing back there?

Bruno: The handle's not bent!

Bruno: Did I misunderstand what's going on?

Bruno: I just thought I was moving with incredible power...

Bruno: But my body's actually still over there,

JoJo-main: ,and my consciousness just jumped out, and that's what's over here?

Bruno: Crap! I have to dodge!

Bruno: I-It hurts!

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,A very sharp pain is gradually hitting me!

Bruno: It's not that Giorno's slow... It's that my consciousness went berserk!

Gold: Useless!

Giorno: It appears that when I have Golden Wind give a living being extra life,

Giorno: they go berserk... or at least, just their senses do.

Giorno: I don't know why I have this ability,

Boom,Sfx: B{\c&HCCF&}oo{\c&HDF&}m

Giorno: but I'll definitely be taking advantage of it.

Sign: {\c&H&\fad(,)}Bruno Bucciarati

Guy: Hey, what the hell are you guys doing?

Guy: I'm gonna call the police!

Giorno: I'm sorry for all the ruckus.

Giorno: Please rest assured that we'll make sure not to involve any civilians.

Bruno: So this is Giorno Giovanna's Stand?

Bruno: No... It doesn't seem like he even knows what a Stand is.

Bruno: But this ability...

Giorno: It appears as though both of our abilities only reach a few meters.

Bruno: And here I thought you were just some brat

JoJo-main: ,who wasn't affiliated with any organization...

Bruno: Giorno Giovanna!

JoJo-main: ,You're the one who att*cked Leaky Eye Luca, aren't you?!

Bruno: My boss wants to know why you att*cked him!

Giorno: You wouldn't believe me if I told you it was an accident, would you?

Giorno: So I'm going to be disposed of, right?

Giorno: And you came here fully prepared, right?

Giorno: When you're going to dispose of someone,

Giorno: you're always prepared for the possibility that

JoJo-main: ,you could end up being the one disposed of, right?

Bruno: He's going to k*ll me... He's serious!

Bruno: This brat is actually going to try to k*ll me!

Bruno: He's intense enough

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,that he'd actually do what he says he's going to do!

Kabaam,Sfx: Kabaam

Bruno: Zipper Man!

Giorno: So that's his Stand?

Kabaam,Sfx: Kashink

Bruno: Now I know for sure that my Zipper Man is more powerful.

Bruno: I wasn't told that I need to bring the suspect back alive.

Bruno: I wouldn't mind taking care of you here.

Bruno: But I've had my fill of dealing with your dangerous powers today,

Bruno: so I'm leaving.

Bruno: I'm going to keep my distance for now,

Bruno: but I'll take care of you eventually.

Giorno: He can even pass through a solid wall by putting a zipper on it?!

Giorno: This isn't good!

JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Letting him out of the cable car is gonna be trouble!

Giorno: If I lose him now, it won't matter that I have Golden Wind!

Giorno: If he's going to come after me / with that ability,

Giorno: there's absolutely no guarantee I'll survive!

Giorno: I'm going to lose!

Giorno: I can't let him get away!

Giorno: If he tells his friends about me, this will end up out of my control!

Giorno: I have to stop him right here, right now!

Giorno: For the sake of my future!

Guy: O-Ow!

Guy C: Be more careful, damn it!

Giorno: He disappeared!

Giorno: Where could he have gone in that instant?

Giorno: Don't tell me he can even enter people with his zipper!

Guy: What are you going to do about this? I'm covered in garbage!

Giorno: But that's the only thing I can think of!

Giorno: That must be how he got that eyeball and those fingers inside me!

Giorno: Bucciarati went into one of these guys to hide, like wearing a costume...

Giorno: And that's how he's planning to head back into the city.

Guy: Better get my broom...

Giorno: They're all heading in different directions.

Giorno: I don't see a zipper.

Giorno: Which one is it?

Giorno: Which one is he hiding in?

Guy: What the hell's your problem, you stupid fly?!

Jump,Sfx: Jump

Bruno: A tooth?

Giorno: I gave life to the tooth that broke out of your mouth

Giorno: and had it be reborn as a fly.

Giorno: The fly would return to you so I could tell where you were...

Giorno: But this isn't good.

Giorno: I just got done saying we wouldn't involve any civilians...

Giorno: But my bad. That was a lie.

Giorno: Still, he ended up hitting himself with his own power,

Giorno: so I hope you can just deal with it.

Bruno: Giorno Giovanna, I can see your ability is not to be underestimated.

Bruno: You leave me no choice.

JoJo-main: ,This will be dangerous,

Bruno: but it seems I'll have to take care of you right here, right now.

Giorno: I can't let you escape.

Giorno: I'm pretty determined about that.

Bruno: Let me escape?

JoJo-main: ,You don't have to worry about that.

Bruno: The only thing you have to worry about

Bruno: is what you'll do once your body parts have been zipped apart all over the ground.

Bruno: This battle will be decided by who hits the other first.

Bruno: What's the matter?

Bruno: Come at me, Giorno Giovanna.

Gold: Useless!

Thud,Sfx: Thud

Giorno: Just your senses will go berserk.

Bruno: "You hit me first, so how?"

Bruno: I don't blame you for wondering that.

Bruno: This isn't my arm.

Bruno: My Zipper Man's ability allows two separate things to be connected with a zipper.

Bruno: This is that kid's arm.

Bruno: I switched it out with mine.

Bruno: Because, of course, I'd rather avoid the danger of being hit with your ability.

Bruno: That's why your Golden Wind didn't work.

Bruno: What are you trying to do, Giorno Giovanna?!

Bruno: I'm ending you right now!

Bruno: Unbelievable... He ripped off his own arm

Bruno: to extend his range a bit further and strike a moment faster...

Giorno: Golden Wind!

Bruno: I-It's happening again!

JoJo-main: ,Just my senses have gone berserk!

Bruno: H-He's going to get me!

Bruno: The destructive power of Giorno Giovanna's Stand ability isn't too great...

Bruno: But in this case, that actually makes things worse!

Bruno: If I have to experience that slow pain not once, but multiple times...

Bruno: I'll probably die from the shock of the pain!

Bruno: Don't!

Bruno: Stop!

Bruno: He went out of range?

Bruno: What are you doing, Giorno Giovanna?!

Bruno: Why did you stop attacking me?

Bruno: Why didn't you finish me off?!

giorno: Because you're a good person.

Giorno: You're in a g*ng, but you're a good person.

giorno: You hesitated for a moment before attacking me,

giorno: so I decided I wouldn't att*ck you, either.

Giorno: When you saw the arm you took off of this kid,

Giorno: you were shocked to see the state it was in

Giorno: and stopped attacking for a moment.

Giorno: You were shocked that he'd been sh**ting up dr*gs.

Giorno: How old is he?

Giorno: Thirteen.

Giorno: If you were just some gangster who wouldn't have hesitated or been shocked,

Giorno: I probably would've been rolling around on the ground in pieces.

Giorno: But you seem different.

JoJo-main: ,That's why I stopped.

Giorno: There are people in this city who would sell dr*gs to kids.

Giorno: They're unforgivable.

Giorno: That's what you believe.

Giorno: But the one selling those dr*gs is your boss.

Giorno: You can't help but feel conflicted about that.

Giorno: That's why your heart ached when you saw his arm.

Bruno: So what? That's got nothing to do with me eliminating you.

Bruno: I've been ordered to find the one who att*cked Luca and eliminate them!

Bruno: Just because you stopped attacking me doesn't mean I'm not going to k*ll you!

Giorno: No...

JoJo-main: ,You won't k*ll me now.

Bruno: What?

Giorno: You won't k*ll me. I know it.

Bruno: Why do you say that?

Giorno: Because you're going to join me.

Giorno: I plan on defeating your boss and taking over this city.

Bruno: What?!

Giorno: In order to get rid of gangs that sell dr*gs to children,

Giorno: I'm going to have to become a gangster myself.

Bruno: Are you saying...

JoJo-main: ,that you're going to join our organization?!

Bruno: Are you serious?!

JoJo-main: ,Do you even know what that means?!

Giorno: What a great view...

Giorno: Yes. If I'm going to take over this city,

Giorno: I'll have to join the organization that rules it and work my way up.

Giorno: Bucciarati,

JoJo-main: ,I'm going to become a g*ng-Star!
This court finds the defendant, Jolyne Cujoh…

 You're an interesting one.

 So what did you do? Why did you get thrown in?

 I'm innocent.

 …shall be confined to Green Dolphin Street State Prison

 for  years.

 What is this?

 Turns out you have an ability.

 "Stone Ocean."

 I'll become free from this ocean of stones.

 EPISODE : THE VISITOR ()

 Stone Ocean.

 When unraveled, this thread can reach far.

 However, it becomes less powerful and inflicts less damage.

 When it bundles, it hardens.

 Its reach is reduced to about two meters.

 Can I break through the bars with Stone Ocean?

 No, it lacked the strength to do so.

 The most it could do was this.

 My mental energy is harnessed using the stone inside the charm.

 I'd like to get out of here using this power,

 but now's not the time yet.

 First, I need to learn

 all I can about this place.

 Hey, you.

 I'm talking to you!

 Sorry, but can you lend me some change?

 I've got some in my room, but the call is about to disconnect.

 I can pay you back as soon as I'm done. A dollar is all I need.

 I haven't spoken to my family in a while.

 Sure.

 Here.

 Thanks! You saved my skin! I'll pay you back for sure!

 Move, bitch! Don't try to cut in line!

 Hold on!

 I was waiting for her to finish for  minutes!

 I didn't see you waiting in line!

 Dumbass, you must be new.

 You've got to reserve these phones in advance.

 No one told me that!

 Well, now you know.

 Also, the reservations are made a month in advance.

 A month?

 Why should I wait a whole month for a few minutes of phone time?

 That's what's strange about prison, isn't it?

 Hey, I'll buy that spot on the phone from you.

 And this is the cause of the phenomenon.

 Hey, Mom!

 I want to call her. I need to hear her voice.

 The voice of my mom…

 Jolyne!

 How do you fare?

 Shut your trap! Keep away from me!

 I already told you I'm through with you!

 Don't push me away like that.

 I'm giving you a warning.

 You messed up big time just now.

 What?

 You just lent a dollar to that blondie, right?

 Get her to pay you back right now.

 No, your life here will be over if you don't get it back now.

 What are you saying? Of course, she'll pay me back.

 It was just a dollar.

 Hey, you said "just a dollar"!

 You're digging your own grave with that mentality!

 What?

 Listen closely, Jolyne.

 At the Aquarium,

 lending or borrowing money between inmates

 is one thing you should avoid at all costs.

 Even if it's just a dollar.

 Let's say that you fail to get the dollar back.

 You know what will happen?

 You'll become a bottom feeder like her.

 "Jolyne the newbie couldn't even extort back her dollar."

 The rumor will spread like wildfire

 and you'll be the target in no time.

 Just like her.

 One after another, every single day.

 Once you're out of money, you'll be forced to give your body and even your mind.

 Isn't that what hell on earth is like?

 Hey, now. You're exaggerating.

 Am I, now? It was "just a dollar" for her at first.

 See that blonde from earlier?

 She went to her room,

 but she's not planning on coming down for you.

 I'm telling you for your own sake.

 Got a minute?

 Oh, hello there.

 Apparently, this one's a classic.

 Have you read it?

 No.

 I'm here for the money.

 Are you ready to pay me back?

 Oh, of course.

 A dollar, right? I haven't forgotten.

 It's all in my head, don't worry about it.

 I'll pay you back later.

 You said you have the money in your room.

 You went back, right? Do you have it now?

 Shut up, you bitch!

 I said I'll give it back later. I don't have it now, you hear me?

 You a tightwad or what?

 Anyway, can you lend me ten more?

 I can call up friends on the outside and ask for more money!

 Please? You've got to have some on you. Come on, don't be shy!

 What's this…

 What the heck is this?

 I can't hold it in!

 Hey, you in there!

 Can you hurry it up?

 I know you're in there!

 I'll give you the dollar!

 -Please! -You'll pay me later, right?

 Don't worry about it. Take your time.

 I'll buy the time from you! I'll pay five… No, ten dollars!

 Sold!

 Sorry. That'll be ten dollars.

 Hey, you.

 Go use the bathroom next.

 Someone else will have the urge to use it soon.

 It's up to you whether you can get your money back, though.

 You're the only one who can save yourself.

 What the… What's going on?

 That's right, I'll be leaving soon.

 Somehow, I'll get out.

 Inmate number FE.

 I'm returning to my cell.

 Please unlock this door.

 Tomorrow at noon,

 you will have a visitor.

 But you must not meet him.

 You must not go to the visitation room.

 If you do,

 you and others will be in grave danger.

 A fate more terrible than death will happen.

 Who was that just now?

 How did a child sneak in here?

 Hey you!

 Didn't you hear my order to standby?

 Do not touch the bars!

 Stand back!

 Open the door.

 Right now!

 I said do not grab the bars!

 A visitor is coming tomorrow at noon.

 Not to see you, though,

 but someone in the next building, you know what I mean?

 That's the intel.

 Oh, by the way,

 you got it on backwards.

 Your pants, I mean.

 You're overreacting.

 Sorry about yesterday, FE.

 But it's your fault for grabbing onto the bars like that.

 Rules are rules.

 I had already let go.

 But you still hit me twice.

 What? Did you mutter something? Couldn't hear you.

 Never mind. How can I help you?

 Someone's here to see you.

 Stand up. I'll handcuff you.

 A visitor? Who is it, my mom?

 How the hell should I know? Give me your hands.

 Stand on the mark right there.

 I'll explain the rules.

 You have  minutes. You are allowed to hold hands,

 but kissing or undressing are not allowed.

 You will receive anything they bring after the visitation.

 Foreign languages are forbidden.

 Depending on the visit, the guard may choose to end it.

 Wait there until you're authorized.

 You mustn't go any further.

 Turn around. Go back to your room!

 It's not too late!

 Who are you?

 How did a child like you get in here?

 I don't quite understand either,

 but there are some things more fearsome than death.

 And it's happening at this very prison.

 So please turn back. Go back to your cell!

 No. My mom must be here to see me.

 I want to see her.

 She must be missing me too.

 I need to let her know that I'm doing well!

 Then take this.

 It should protect you.

 FE, all right.

 Enter!

 These are bones!

 Stop dawdling. Get in.

 Jolyne, did you receive the charm I asked your mom to give you?

 Dad…

 STAND NAME: STAR PLATINUM STAND MASTER: JOTARO KUJO

 Car and wallet theft. as*ault.

 This must be some mistake! My Jolyne would never…

 Since she's only , she won't be charged this time.

 You're headed to Tokyo?

 This is your daughter we're talking about!

 Why not go tomorrow instead? And you call yourself her father?

 Hello? Are you there?

 Jolyne, are you listening?

 Where's the pendant?

 I'd rather receive disciplinary action.

 Had I known it was you, I wouldn't have come here.

 Hey, open the door!

 sh*t, I hit him too hard.

 Get up!

 Good grief.

 Jolyne, listen up.

 It was not your boyfriend Romeo

 who conspired to frame you for m*rder and had you sent to this prison.

 Johngalli A.

 This man is incarcerated in the men's prison here.

 He's ex-m*llitary.

 A veteran sn*per who could hit his mark under any difficult circumstance.

 According to the report,

 his vision has deteriorated due to cataracts.

 This man was behind it all.

 Even that manslaughter accident.

 A henchman of Johngalli A. kidnapped an innocent hitchhiker

 and threw him in front of the car.

 He also hired a greedy lawyer

 to set up the trust-fund baby.

 Johngalli A. was pulling the strings from this prison.

 Help me, Jolyne!

 Do you know what a "plea deal" is?

 I love you!

 This court finds the defendant,

 -Jolyne Cujoh… -Fifteen years…

 Damn you! You hit me twice yesterday!

 Dammit!

 What's the point?

 Why would he plot my imprisonment?

 -Sit. -Answer me!

 I said sit.

 Listen. Johngalli A.'s target was you all along.

 It's so that he can eliminate you any time he wishes

 within these prison walls.

 Why is he after me?

 Because you are my daughter.

 You are of the Joestar bloodline.

 Joestar?

 The Joestar bloodline can be traced back hundreds of decades.

 And Johngalli A. plots to take revenge on our family.

 We are endowed with the wonderful gift to move others.

 But at times, powerful emotions leave dregs.

 Dregs called grudges, that is.

 In the past,

 I defeated a mortal enemy of the Joestar clan.

 Johngalli A. is a pawn of this enemy.

 We've never met, but I have no doubt about it.

 Though it's been over  years,

 Johngalli A. uses his fanaticism for this man to exact his revenge.

 I don't understand. I thought you were just a marine biologist.

 What's this about enemies and grudges?

 Just know that you are being targeted.

 I'll get you out immediately.

 We will bypass the law.

 Have you acquired your Stand yet?

 "Stand"?

 As my daughter, you are predisposed to the ability to use this power.

 Did you see any changes from the pendant I gave you?

 It seems you have.

 That's the Stand ability.

 Stand… Then you too?

 Use your power to get out.

 Okay?

 Quit your yapping.

 Don't try to act like a father now.

 So you're finally here to save me.

 What, because you love me?

 I've already forgotten about you.

 But fine, whatever.

 I'll keep that shocking story and the Stand ability in mind.

 You can go now.

 Don't ever visit me again.

 My handcuffs!

 When did I get out of them?

 Since when…

 The brand is different.

 The guard didn't even approach the table.

 Jolyne, get away from that door!

 Star Platinum: The World!

 Time, stop!

 What happened just now?

 Stay still! The fight has already g*n.

 What's the layout to the right? Any windows in that direction?

 Two or three. But they're all barred.

 This is a real b*llet.

 This b*llet, called a sn*per Premium, is specific to r*fles.

 The sh*t was undoubtedly taken by Johngalli A.

 Hold on, I thought he was an inmate.

 Inmates are prohibited from even having pens.

 Is that so? But g*n can be disassembled, you see.

 Precise parts may be snuck in through various objects.

 Guards can be bribed by his henchmen

 and the objects won't get searched.

 Little by little, slowly but surely.

 But we're in the women's prison! He can't possibly sh**t me from the men's!

 We're inside a building. There are obstructions!

 A r*fle and an ability make that possible.

 In other words, Johngalli A. is, without a doubt, a Stand user.

 Look.

 What's that?

 Keep your distance.

 Certainly, that's not just some rubbish.

 But it's moving away.

 It seems really light.

 It's just floating in the air.

 Don't engage it.

 First, we must know what it can do.

 It dodged!

 I said don't engage it.

 Can it see my thread?

 Don't be so loud.

 It's reacting to something.

 However, not to the thread.

 Its movement seems unrelated to the thread.

 Oh, could it be reacting to that?

 What was it called? The change in the air from the thread.

 Like, the movement of the air?

 Aerodynamics.

 It detected our positions using aerodynamics.

 All right, so he knows our location.

 But how can he sh**t us from the men's dormitory?

 That's the real problem.

 Jolyne, you were saved by a fortuitous accident.

 Do not make a move until we understand the contraption.

 Don't order me around!

 -I know that! -You… FE!

 You're done for, I'll have you know!

 Got it? Jolyne Cujoh!

 -What? -It's headed towards us!

 I'll make sure you get disciplined!

 Don't move!

 After I b*at you to death, that is!

 Calm down!

 Jolyne, don't leave the wall!

 I know! And don't order me!

 Let's knock him out before we get into more trouble!

 Damn you, who do you think you're talking to?

 You bastard!

 Jolyne!
Tomorrow at noon,

 you will have a visitor.

 But you must not meet him.

 You must not go to the visitation room.

 Someone's here to see you.

 Turn around. Go back to your room!

 Dad…

 Johngalli A.

 This man was behind it all.

 Johngalli A. is, without a doubt, a Stand user.

 Just know that you are being targeted.

 I'll get you out immediately.

 My handcuffs!

 When did I get free?

 Jolyne, get away from that door!

 Star Platinum: The World!

 Time, stop!

 What happened just now?

 Stay still! The fight has already g*n.

 Aerodynamics.

 It detected our positions using aerodynamics.

 Do not make a move until we understand the contraption.

 Don't order me around.

 -I know that! -You… FE!

 Who do you think you're talking to? You bastard!

 Jolyne!

 -You… -Don't move!

 Keep your voice down.

 It'll detect our position again.

 Johngalli A. uses that Stand to read the airflow.

 It may even react to the change in our breathing.

 Plus, that Stand can be used remotely.

 He can sh**t at that Stand to reflect the b*llet to his target.

 It's a sniping Stand.

 We cannot att*ck Johngalli A., who is in the men's prison.

 We have to destroy that long-range Stand.

 Any damage dealt to the Stand is reflected on its user.

 I'm well aware.

 The problem is, the moment we move to prompt an att*ck,

 the Stand will detect our position and Johngalli A. will sh**t at us.

 Stay by the wall, Jolyne!

 It's detecting your location!

 Jolyne,

 what are you thinking?

 EPISODE : THE VISITOR ()

 Your own muscles cannot be trusted.

 When skin comes in contact with a breeze,

 the muscles have a twitching reflex.

 This is an a*t*matic reflex you cannot control.

 Therefore, I use my bones to affix the r*fle.

 Bones land firmly on the surface.

 The g*n is as stable as the surface itself.

 Its stability is something we can trust.

 Meteorologists may argue that the direction of drafts

 cannot be predicted.

 That may be true, but only to an extent.

 Is this fly flying randomly?

 No.

 It flies while smelling things nearby and feeling the air current.

 The wind is the fly's movement.

 Just as the guard said,

 Jotaro Kujo is here.

 He's here to see his daughter, Jolyne Cujoh.

 The descendant of the Joestars is in the visitation room

 at this very moment.

 Within range of my ability, Downtown Transfer.

 Joestar…

 Joestar!

 My life will finally begin

 after I eradicate your family's blood!

 You will pay for robbing me of the one who was my rock!

 I see.

 You said we have to destroy it, right?

 Look at its movement.

 It can't detect the wind due to the precipitation.

 Now's my chance! Stone Ocean!

 No, wait! Look closer!

 It's evading every drop of water.

 It's reading the drops' air current to avoid them.

 Jolyne, go back to the wall! He's going to sh**t at us!

 This isn't good. Once the guards arrive, the air will stir!

 -Hey, listen! -What?

 Hurry, move the base of the pillar!

 Kick it with all your might!

 -But you're… -Don't worry about me.

 Got that? Please don't forget what I said.

 I want you to survive!

 I don't know why,

 but there's a descending hole between the walls.

 It seems to be a passage.

 Maybe it leads to the sewer or the vent.

 What is this?

 It may lead us to the outside.

 Let's go, Jolyne. Seems it's our only option.

 -It flew away… -No.

 It's still close.

 It's looking for the perfect angle to snipe us.

 No…

 It's following the boy on the other side of this door.

 He plans to hunt the boy because he helped us escape.

 Jolyne, go down the hole!

 I came to break you out!

 Before I entered this room…

 he grabbed this arm of mine.

 I'm sure of it.

 I can't believe it, but he's here.

 He was just an ordinary kid like you'd see at any park.

 And we don't know each other… We're complete strangers.

 But…

 he grabbed my arm with desperation in his eyes.

 The warmth of his hand even felt as if he cared about me.

 I'm going back inside.

 Before he sh**t the boy,

 I'll k*ll Johngalli A.!

 Good grief.

 To the visitation room!

 That's where the fire alarm went off!

 There are no cameras there.

 -Be prepared to engage! -Where did he go?

 That boy…

 How does he move through this place,

 appearing and disappearing out of nowhere?

 Hurry! To Visitation Room B!

 Did that boy dig this hole?

 This wall… So he used this!

 His height is about cm.

 His build is small, almost like a child's.

 I don't know who he is,

 but the hole that suddenly opened is a vent.

 I know where it leads by reading the air.

 However…

 I can't have this small guy guide Jotaro and his daughter

 deep underground where I cannot reach them!

 I will not lose those two again!

 I'll finish this small one first!

 Jolyne,

 our situation is too dire.

 Our Stands are only good for defense at the moment.

 Should we strike, Johngalli A. will read the movement of the air.

 This is too dangerous.

 Hey, you!

 You can't just leave the room!

 This side is the prison!

 -Good grief. -Leave from the other side!

 What the…

 There it is!

 Just as I thought, it's chasing the boy!

 But there aren't any windows here.

 How can he aim through the men's prison?

 No… However…

 This boy… Look at him!

 How smart!

 No, we're blessed!

 With his body submerged completely underwater, the air is unaffected!

 And, he's inside a pipe!

 Johngalli A. cannot find him now!

 Not only that, there are no windows down here.

 Surely he can't sh**t him now…

 The pipe is bursting! But how? Where is he aiming from?

 Could he be…

 Distance to the target is m.

 The b*llet drops .cm while airborne,

 and there's a slight ocean breeze of . meters per second.

 The b*llet will drift by .cm to the left.

 Finding its target.

 Targeting his heart.

 sh*t!

 Stone Ocean!

 Threads!

 Jolyne Cujoh… This is her Stand ability!

 She followed the boy down?

 Is she an imbecile!

 She thinks her net can stop my b*llet?

 Changing my target to Jolyne Cujoh.

 Targeting the forehead.

 Now, sh**t!

 How?

 I'm so glad I broke this pipe beforehand.

 The moment I came in, I punctured this gas line.

 Gas is lighter than air.

 It creates a layer of gas separate from oxygen.

 I thought it would obscure your aim.

 Man, was I right.

 How did she do this?

 You're too late! You're mine now!

 Stone Ocean!

 Seems you couldn't read your own fate.

 STAND NAME: DOWNTOWN TRANSFER STAND MASTER: JOHNGALLI A.

 Who are you?

 How is a child like you roaming freely about this prison?

 I hit myself.

 This bone.

 That's right. You gave me this.

 What is it?

 It looks like a bone. What's going on?

 You tried to stop me from going to the visitation room.

 Just what do you know?

 Hey, answer me!

 Not yet… I can't, yet.

 You mustn't let that go.

 This smell.

 Is this your doing?

 That sn*per guy, Johngalli A., his Stand?

 It was nothing once I got to it.

 I pounded it into a thousand pieces.

 I see.

 It seems you're quite used to fighting with your Stand.

 Not out of choice…

 There he is! Right there!

 He's on the move!

 Hide! He has a r*fle.

 He's hiding behind that pipe.

 I saw him going above the t*nk!

 That's impossible.

 He was targeting from the men's prison, which is  to m away.

 There are layers of bars between us.

 Not only that, he is almost completely blind.

 How do you suppose he traveled so fast?

 How the hell should I know? If I said he's here, he's here!

 Hide!

 He's directly above you!

 All right, I believe you.

 And get ready.

 The gas must have been accumulating.

 We did it!

 Hey, we're safe now!

 What the…

 Where did he run off to?

 Are you hiding?

 You don't have to be afraid anymore.

 Come out and explain what's going on!

 What are you doing?

 I'm looking for the boy.

 Did you see where he went?

 I don't understand what you mean.

 What boy are you talking about?

 Oh, I see.

 You didn't see him, did you?

 I was talking to a little boy outside the visitation room.

 Johngalli A. tried to get rid of him first.

 Get rid of him?

 What are you talking about?

 You came here on your own.

 And so I followed you.

 Hold on, our stories aren't matching up.

 You must have heard his voice.

 No, I know you did!

 He's the one who told us about the secret passage!

 You were there with me!

 Did you hear a ghost or something?

 I don't know of a secret passage.

 Damn you! You're messing with me at a time like this?

 You're here now because you followed me down the secret tunnel…

 Hold on…

 Something's not right with you.

 Your wound…

 You were sh*t. What happened to your wound?

 Wound?

 The b*llet wound from when Johngalli A. sh*t you!

 On your right shoulder.

 But you aren't bleeding, and your clothes…

 I don't have a scratch from being sh*t either!

 This man…

 He isn't Johngalli A.! He's the prison guard!

 But I saw him get sh*t through the head!

 His head is unscathed!

 What do you mean he was sh*t?

 And who is Johngalli A.?

 What's going on?

 Something's amiss.

 It's not adding up!

 What is this?

 A fate more terrible than death will await us all.

 You must not go to the visitation room.

 The visitation room…

 That's right. Something was off from the very beginning.

 When was I uncuffed?

 And that b*llet…

 Was I really sh*t back there?

 But my dad and I don't have a scratch.

 Was Johngalli A. attacking us to begin with?

 Something's wrong.

 Nothing is making sense!

 This isn't reality!

 I'm in a dream of some sort.

 No, I'm under someone's spell!

 This is…

 A dream…

 Was I… dreaming?

 Since when…

 It looks like I did

 knock out this prison guard.

 This photo of Johngalli A…

 Dad showed it to me.

 The accident with the hitchhiker.

 I heard that it was all a plot to imprison me.

 That was all real.

 And then I tried to leave the room.

 That's when I noticed I was uncuffed.

 That was the moment.

 No, I was sitting down when I awoke.

 So before then…

 We haven't stepped outside of this visitation room.

 In other words…

 Johngalli A.'s Stand

 was an illusion my mind created.

 The secret passageway too.

 The moment we stepped into this visitation room,

 we fell under their trap and were forced to dream.

 As if engulfed by a python,

 slowly but surely,

 we're being melted to the bone!

 The boy in the garbage can who gave me this bone.

 He was real!

 I was able to wake up

 because I cut myself on this bone!

 Without the pain from the cut,

 I would have stayed asleep.

 This ability is Johngalli A.'s att*ck!

 My thread! I can't unravel it, not even for a few centimeters!

 This is bad!

 Dammit.

 I'm getting sleepy again…

 We need to get out of here.

 Out of this visitation room!

 Stone Ocean!
EPISODE : PRISONER OF LOVE

 What's this?

 Looks like you're awake.

 Were we dreaming just now?

 Yes. And this substance is dissolving us.

 In this very room.

 Please break down the door…

 Use your ability, Star Platinum.

 Hurry!

 You did it! Now drag me out!

 Let's get out of here!

 Hold on.

 What did you just say?

 Did you say "Star Platinum"?

 That's my Stand name.

 How do you know that, Jolyne?

 From the looks of it,

 we started dreaming after I told you about Johngalli A.

 Which means

 you haven't seen my Stand ability yet.

 Since we are related, you may be feeling its presence,

 but you couldn't have known its name.

 It's not adding up!

 This is

 not reality!

 Stone Ocean…

 Jolyne.

 You finally woke up.

 That took too much effort.

 My thread melts fast.

 Jolyne… You were dreaming too.

 I don't know about yours,

 but mine was a terrible nightmare.

 I see.

 So we were both dreaming

 as if watching a movie.

 Guess so. It would've been perfect if only we had some popcorn.

 I can't move anymore. Not even a finger.

 What about you? Can you move?

 What we are perceiving

 could still be a dream.

 If you can't move at all, then we're awake.

 We are in this reality

 where we can't escape this room.

 I see.

 We'll die at this rate.

 The charm's ability…

 Show me the ability you used to wake me up.

 Stone Ocean.

 Yes. Can you materialize it?

 I mean your power.

 I understand, but it's no use.

 It was hard enough to wake you up.

 No way could I break down the door.

 No, just materialize it.

 That's it.

 Keep going.

 Can you bring it out a bit more?

 Move it slightly towards me.

 It'd be best if you could move it a bit more to the left.

 This will do.

 It's not ideal, but it's close enough.

 Now we can leave this room.

 That was my Stand, "Star Platinum."

 Pull me out. This isn't a dream. I'm certain of it now.

 Damn you…

 Bullshit…

 It hurts and I'm pissed.

 I can't believe you hit me.

 We got out, but I'm pissed!

 We're definitely not dreaming, all right!

 Okay, give me your hands.

 What now?

 Let's go.

 Oh, right.

 Do you know what this is?

 This bone saved our lives.

 It's a human bone.

 Plus,

 it's the sacrum from the pelvic area of an adult female.

 Its surface looks like it was dissolved with some kind of acid.

 Dissolved?

 Is that what was used on us?

 Can't say.

 I don't know why you have that bone, but it doesn't matter now.

 I was the only one who saw that boy,

 but he's definitely here!

 It's a mystery, but he's within these prison walls!

 Code , emergency level .

 Emergency alarm activated in the visitation room.

 Emergency level , code .

 What's your plan now?

 I guess now you're a criminal too.

 Like I told you,

 I'm breaking you out.

 You have the charm, don't you?

 It's crucial that you hold onto it. Don't lose it, no matter what.

 Let's go. We're leaving this place.

 Who would have thought that they would be able to escape this room.

 Is it just me? I don't see that many guards.

 This is a common area.

 Look at this.

 We'll escape through the window marked with an X.

 This window faces the beach.

 We'll board a submarine at the beach to escape this island.

 A submarine?

 I have an amicable relationship with a group

 called The Speedwagon Foundation.

 They have provided our way out.

 There doesn't seem to be a camera in this hallway.

 Our target window is one left turn away.

 Then we'll be about m away from the shore.

 I'm sure there is a lot to consider,

 but let's get out of here first.

 Let's go.

 It's just the fan.

 Jolyne.

 It hurts!

 Where are you looking? Stay calm.

 Stand up.

 What's the matter? Give me your hand.

 It's just that…

 Well, thanks,

 but I can stand up by myself.

 That's not what I meant.

 You almost lost this. Be careful when you trip.

 I told you not to lose this charm.

 What is it?

 I told you it's important.

 You must hold onto it. Take it.

 You're headed to Tokyo?

 This is your daughter we're talking about!

 And you call yourself her father?

 Hello? Are you there?

 You haven't changed a bit.

 You're calm and collected as ever.

 When I almost d*ed from a fever,

 you didn't come home to check on me.

 When I drove a car for fun and was accused of theft,

 you took a plane to Tokyo instead.

 Right. As long as I'm safe, you don't care, do you?

 Even now, I'm just a troublemaker that doesn't get hurt even if I fall! See?

 Lucky me, no harm done! Yahoo!

 What are you talking about?

 If it's that important, hold it yourself!

 Listen.

 Shut up. I don't want it!

 That's not it. Something is off.

 We're being quietly followed.

 Jolyne, duck.

 There's no one over here.

 They might have headed the other way.

 Oh, it's just a guard.

 Hey, look closely!

 The door is bent!

 The convicts have come this far! We are at--

 That's…

 Johngalli A.!

 That bastard…

 He's here to finish us off himself!

 Jolyne! Head towards the window.

 I'll take care of him.

 That's Johngalli A.'s Stand!

 But the only time he ambushed us was in a dream.

 -Die! -Are we still dreaming?

 No! This is reality!

 Time stop!

 Our enemies…

 There are…

 two of them!

 Not only did he force us to dream,

 but he showed us

 Johngalli A.'s actual Stand within it!

 They had been preparing for this moment.

 The moment

 I have no choice but to use my Stand ability

 to protect my daughter!

 Their target

 was me all along!

 Time will move again. Jolyne!

 You were one move behind.

 Jotaro Kujo, I have been waiting

 for this moment!

 It was just ready for me.

 Perfect.

 I finally got what I've been after from Jotaro, the invincible Stand User!

 This is Pale Snake's ability!

 Those b*ll*ts!

 The Stand!

 How?

 I thought we only saw his Stand in our dream!

 Anyway, while he can't sh**t, I'll…

 I see the shore! We're close!

 Go on without me.

 I'll catch up.

 Were you actually…

 sh*t?

 Listen to me. A Stand User only controls one Stand.

 This means we are up against two enemies,

 Johngalli A. and the one who tried to dissolve us.

 Go on ahead.

 Take this charm.

 Don't drop it.

 A transmitter is implanted within it.

 It's there to track your location.

 The submarine is honed to follow the GPS signal.

 You understand what I'm saying, right?

 All you have to do is go to the beach. The submarine will come to you.

 And The Speedwagon Foundation I told you about will find you.

 If you understand, then go, Jolyne.

 This charm…

 But earlier, you…

 No. You couldn't have…

 I've always cared about you.

 What is it?

 Your chest… You're not…

 No, why?

 Go, Jolyne.

 It's just a little blood.

 I'll catch up soon.

 Liar!

 Earlier, you sacrificed yourself,

 and the enemy took something from you!

 That's why you couldn't evade the b*ll*ts, right?

 What did he take?

 Don't tell me… your Stand?

 Jolyne!

 What?

 These are…

 These threads!

 Since when?

 Take this!

 Shut up.

 We're about to leave from this window and head for the beach.

 Don't get in our way. Got that?

 You…

 When did she acquire such a Stand ability?

 An ability of this strength

 should have been reported before her sentencing!

 Very well. I will drop my g*n.

 I wasn't asking you to drop your g*n.

 I was just looking for the best angle.

 Your body's best angle to punch, that is.

 I only like it when your chin is tilted slightly to the right.

 Just now,

 I should have finished her first instead of Jotaro!

 Jotaro wasn't the one I should've gone for first.

 Does Pale Snake know about this?

 Jolyne Cujoh.

 Without a doubt, she is Jotaro Kujo's…

 She's a Joestar!

 Jolyne.

 Back then, in that dream…

 you said you'll stay behind at this jail

 for some child you barely just met.

 He grabbed my arm with desperation in his eyes.

 I'm going back inside.

 It was a mere dream I saw.

 But…

 Dad!

 Dammit, we're so close to the beach!

 Dad!

 Find them!We have permission to sh**t!

 A guard has been sh*t.

 The convict is armed.

 We can sh**t to k*ll!

 Where is it? I'm at the beach already.

 Where are they? That organization you're friends with,

 called The Speedwagon Foundation…

 I don't know who they are,

 but if they really did send us a submarine,

 then they must have incredibly advanced technology and financial power!

 A g*n wound like this…

 This foundation must be able to administer the care you need better than anyone else!

 Where is the submarine?

 Where is it?

 Everything you said was true.

 The submarine is already at the beach!

 We're saved…

 What the hell are you doing?

 You can't…

 No, this can't be happening.

 No, this isn't happening.

 He was sh*t, but it wasn't deep.

 It's not a fatal wound.

 It can't be a fatal wound.

 Then,

 Then his heart…

 Why isn't it b*ating?

 Now, I know.

 The Joestar blood runs in you.

 Jolyne, with your strong conviction,

 I know you'll be fine.

 Found them!

 Something's moving on the other side of the fence!

 Watch for the g*n!

 No, I'm not outside the fence.

 I'm right here

 if you're looking for me.

 You!

 Hold, don't sh**t!

 Her hands are up.

 -But… -Don't sh**t!

 She's unarmed.

 Are you surrendering?

 There must be another man.

 A tall man who visited her.

 He must be nearby. Find him!

 That's where you were.

 Why?

 Why didn't you run?

 I'm sorry, but your father is already dead.

 His spirit was stolen by that sludge.

 You barely managed to survive!

 Why didn't you leave? Why?

 The m*rder escaped inside the prison.

 Not outside, inside!

 The m*rder had planned to steal my father's Stand by giving it form.

 That's his ability!

 Then the m*rder retreated back into the prison.

 He won't leave this place.

 He is within these walls!

 Are you actually trying to get his ability back?

 Do you think it'll bring him back to life?

 That's precisely why I'm going back inside.

 I'm sorry to say this, but a corpse will only rot away.

 That melted bone I gave you belonged to my mother.

 That sludge stole her ability

 and she d*ed.

 I see.

 My mom was an inmate here and gave birth to me.

 I grew up in hiding within these walls.

 What's your name?

 I'm Emporio.

 Emporio.

 Your mother's bone saved my life.

 Thank you.

 But,

 I can't explain it, but I'm certain of it.

 My dad's not dead.

 If I get his Stand back, he will come back to life.

 That's why

 I'm going back!

 You've done it.

 You finally acquired this powerful Stand which can stop time!

 Yes, and I have you to thank, Johngalli A.

 We make a great team together.

 Please take me to the men's prison.

 I let my guard down.

 And have you seen my g*n?

 It's right here.

 You're the only one who knows who I am.

 You shall be my scapegoat for the m*rder of the guards.

 This way, everything works out peacefully.

 To be able to communicate something to someone...

 Jotaro had said that is a wonderful thing.

 I agree.

 And here, we have a way.
Green Dolphin Street Prison.

 Also known as "The Aquarium."

 At some point in time,

 it had birthed mystery and power.

 Something unseen by ordinary men.

 Power and mystery drenched in filth.

 PUNISHMENT WARD

 Jolyne got five added years

 for her jailbreak and has been in the Punishment Ward for a few weeks.

 Everything will start afterward...

 Everything.

 INFIRMARY WARD

 Before that, I must investigate something.

 It concerns another inmate.

 Her name is…

 Ermes Costello.

 Jolyne has already met her.

 Hey! What the hell do you think you're doing?

 Hey! I'm talking to you, bastard!

 Is this...

 the infirmary?

 EPISODE : ERMES'S STICKERS

 sh*t! That was the bathroom janitor.

 That was my hard-earned money.

 Dammit!

 Oh, I'm starting to remember now.

 I hurt my right palm.

 I had a fever too.

 But my hand is almost completely healed.

 Was I dreaming?

 Hold on.

 It's coming back to me now.

 Right before I got sent here

 to serve five years for the robbery I committed,

 I picked up that charm.

 It was in the washroom of the holding cell.

 But that charm cut my hand, so I got pissed and sold it to…

 What was her name again?

 Oh, I think she's called Gwess. Anyway, I sold it off to her.

 And that night…

 something caused me to pass out.

 I've been held here since.

 Have I been bedridden since?

 My hand is better too.

 Hold on, what just…

 Just now, I peeled off this sticker from my palm.

 Is my memory okay?

 In , Columbus discovers the Americas.

 Bugs Bunny's birthday is July th.

 No, my memory's fine.

 What the…

 I'm sure I peeled it off just now.

 Wait, what? My shoes…

 There are…

 One, two…

 three, four, five, six…

 Huh? What?

 Ouch!

 Ah, five of them? They're back to normal.

 Did the high fever cause astigmatism?!

 But that sticker just now...

 That's the sticker I tossed aside.

 No way…

 Gross!

 -What are you hollering about? -Keep it down, will you?

 It's nothing. Go back to sleep.

 sh*t.

 No.

 I didn't get astigmatism from my fever.

 I'm definitely touching the shoe, and I feel its weight.

 This sticker…

 When I attach it to an object, the object is duplicated.

 Once you peel it,

 there's a bit of destruction, but it merges back into one.

 And this sticker…

 I know it sounds crazy, but there's no doubt about it.

 It emerged from inside my body!

 And

 now that I've accepted it, it's quite useful.

 This is awesome.

 No point in overthinking it.

 This sticker emerges from my palm.

 This is reality.

 assh*le.

 Give me my money back.

 What is this…

 He left…

 He didn't seem to notice it.

 I grabbed it without thinking.

 This disc…

 What does it do?

 Your fever has gone down.

 You may now return to your cell.

 Well, I have a question.

 The bathroom janitor.

 Is he a model prisoner? What's his--

 And what will you do with that information?

 Next!

 The janitor inmate?

 How the hell should I know?

 No idea.

 It's not a CD,

 but it's shaped like one

 and even reflects light like a disc.

 But it's soft and elastic.

 Also,

 I saw another disc on his face.

 There were two of these on him.

 What's this? It's projecting something.

 The money I took from the sick inmates.

 They're mine now.

 All , dollars.

 No one will ever find them here.

 This image…

 McQueen.

 Would you like to cooperate

 as my partner?

 McQueen!

 What did I just see?

 It's as if I was watching someone's memory!

 I heard…

 you've been sneaking around asking about me.

 I've stalked before,

 but I've never been stalked by a woman.

 Yes, this is a first.

 And who the hell are you?

 I saw

 those discs sticking out of your face!

 Discs?

 What?

 I can't remember a thing! What discs?

 I'm such a loser!

 I can't remember a thing!

 What got you crying all of a sudden?

 You took my money at the infirmary.

 Just this morning!

 Money? That's right.

 I had a huge sum of money, and I hid it somewhere.

 But…

 I forgot where I hid it!

 Hey, are you all right?

 Are you messing with me?

 Did you just ask if I'm okay?

 How nice!

 It's been ages since I last spoke with a woman!

 No, it's a first.

 I've never had a heartfelt conversation with a woman before.

 I'm in bliss right now.

 I hope I can spend the rest of my life with a wonderful lady like you someday.

 What the hell?

 But that'll never happen.

 I'm pathetic, aren't I?

 Yes, I'm trash.

 I want to die.

 What…

 What the hell are you doing?

 What is this?

 This thing!

 STAND NAME: FREEWAY THRU HELL STAND MASTER: THUNDER MCQUEEN

 McQueen…

 You have pure evil within you.

 You have no malice or animosity.

 You think you don't inconvenience others.

 You victimize yourself,

 and you have no interest in others,

 yet you're always wishing for someone to save you.

 But that's precisely why you are the worst.

 You drag others down with you.

 You are the purest form of evil.

 I really like you, McQueen.

 If you ever find my enemies within these prison walls,

 you will surely clean them out and take care of them for me.

 Dammit! He hanged himself...

 and now my neck...

 Someone!

 Someone help!

 I'm passing out...

 Maybe if I bring his body down, my body will be lowered too?

 Sticker.

 He has strange powers like I do.

 So there are others like me!

 Dammit.

 Just who the hell are you?

 Why did you hang yourself?

 Did you save me?

 I owe my life to you.

 Who the hell are you?

 What do you want from me?

 I know you have some sort of ability!

 An ability?

 I don't know what you mean.

 But don't worry.

 I won't do that again.

 I can see clearly now.

 And I owe you for saving my life.

 I'll repay you someday.

 Don't worry about that.

 It was nothing.

 What the hell are you doing?

 What is this?

 Those scars…

 He must have suicidal tendencies!

 And he himself is unaware of his ability.

 This is bad.

 I'm even in the same position as him.

 Dammit, I'm farther away from him now.

 You bastard!

 Dammit!

 The disc!

 I don't understand what's going on,

 but it's got to do something with those discs!

 Let me die.

 I said I'd repay you,

 but a guy like me would never be able to do that

 because I'm trash!

 I don't want anything to do with you!

 Stay away from me, or I'll k*ll you!

 Please do!

 I wouldn't mind being k*lled by a beautiful woman like you!

 It looked like she picked up a disc from the bathroom floor.

 For some reason, I think it belonged to me.

 I wonder if she'll give it back.

 No, probably not.

 Let me pass!

 I have permission to leave. I'm returning to the women's prison.

 Dammit!

 I need to get as far away from that psycho as possible.

 I need to get back

 to my cell.

 I knew it.

 So your powers have awakened.

 I'll tell you one thing. That power that awakened within you…

 It's called a Stand ability.

 Stand abilities are drawn to one another like gravity.

 It happens without reason.

 That's why you ran into that janitor.

 Why is there a kid?!

 You picked up and sold Jolyne's charm.

 That's why she told me to keep an eye on you.

 You know Jolyne?

 What happened to her?

 Our enemy has the ability to steal souls.

 We are looking for a soul he stole.

 A soul?

 The culprit's name is Pale Snake.

 Please tell me anything you know.

 Soul?

 Could you be talking about this disc?

 That disc!

 This belongs to the janitor.

 What's the significance of these discs?

 Did he have two discs?

 Two discs? He did.

 A memory disc and a Stand disc.

 Discs come in pairs.

 Two discs make up a soul.

 If only we can get his other disc,

 we may be able to learn the identity of Pale Snake!

 Hell no…

 No way!

 It's still following me around.

 Dammit! I thought I got far enough.

 What's happening?

 Electricity! That bastard!

 He's electrocuting himself!

 It... It stopped.

 Electrical resistance.

 You can't k*ll a person just by sending  volts of electricity on human skin.

 We have electrical resistance.

 That's why it stopped.

 His su1c1de attempt failed.

 But…

 if he wants to electrocute himself again,

 he'd be looking around for some saline solution right about now.

 Saline solution would increase conductivity to almost  percent.

 Electricity can pierce and burn the heart completely.

 Saline solution?

 They are used as IVs and disinfectants.

 There's a bunch by the infirmary!

 I can't go any further.

 There are too many inmates by the stairs!

 I'll b*at him up and take his other disc.

 That's my only way!

 Stop! Don't do this!

 Look at my left arm!

 It's a little burnt, just like your arm.

 You have obtained a strange ability.

 Every su1c1de attempt is reflected onto me!

 Don't think about su1c1de!

 There are lots of fun and lucky things in life too!

 Four years ago,

 I was only cleaning.

 Cleaning the g*n in my apartment.

 But for some reason, the g*n was loaded.

 The g*n accidentally fired.

 I live on the tenth floor.

 Just as the g*n went off, a woman jumped to k*ll herself.

 It was like the lottery.

 While some win millions of dollars,

 I guess sometimes the exact opposite happens.

 She was supposed to hit the ground and die.

 Everyone thought that I aimed at and k*lled the woman on the th floor.

 The judge even called me cold-blooded.

 That's the kind of man I am!

 Hold on!

 Oh, panties.

 Has anyone given you panties before?

 Wouldn't you feel lucky if a girl gave you her panties?

 You're going through tough times right now.

 But imagine.

 If a girl gives you panties,

 that means lucky things can happen even at the worst moment.

 Oh, I'm so embarrassed!

 But you can have it.

 I'll give you the one I got on right now!

 You'll really give me your panties?

 I keep my promises.

 But remember this.

 Everyone hates Mondays.

 We all hope for the fun Saturdays to come around.

 Not every day is a Monday!

 I was arrested on a Saturday.

 You're saying nice things to give me hope,

 but I bet it's just lip service to save yourself.

 That's not…

 You are pretending to be kind

 just to get out of this situation.

 You don't mean a word you say.

 Am I wrong?

 That's how everyone always treats me.

 Nobody likes trash.

 But I'm worse than trash.

 My presence is invisible to everyone!

 Hold on!

 Yes, I'm talking to you because I don't want to die.

 But listen up.

 You are being used by Pale Snake.

 He's exploiting your mindset!

 If you don't think about su1c1de,

 nothing will happen!

 You are the one who's being selfish,

 you bastard!

 You really are a nice person.

 How wonderful.

 Those words were sincere.

 I sure am fortunate.

 I ran into such a beautiful woman before my passing.

 Thank you!

 If I can die with you…

 If I can spend an eternity with you,

 then I'm really blessed!

 He's evil.

 He is, without a doubt,

 rotten to his core!

 I'm not lonely!

 -Here! -Bastard! Let go of that switch!

 That was close.

 Too close, dammit!

 I managed to attach the sticker.

 It'll burn from the sparks of electricity.

 Once the sticker burns off,

 the copy created with the sticker will…

 merge back to one!

 Goddammit.

 The shock made me remember.

 He hid the money he stole, , dollars.

 I'll take it as payment, you little sh*t.

 And then there's Pale Snake.

 I went through this because of him.

 Just what are you planning?

 ERMES COSTELLO, STAND NAME: "SMACK"

 I have to go see her. Jolyne…

 Jolyne Cujoh.
His heart…

 Why isn't it b*ating?

 My dad's not dead.

 If I can get his Stand back, he'll surely come back to life.

 I'll tell you one thing. That power that awakened within you…

 It's called a Stand ability.

 I have to go see her. Jolyne…

 Jolyne Cujoh.

 PUNISHMENT WARD

 I see.

 So Ermes has learned about Stand abilities

 and about the discs too.

 When Ermes inserted McQueen's memory disc back into him,

 he came back to life.

 He was resuscitated.

 We may be able to bring your father back if we have his discs!

 And what did you do with this janitor's discs?

 I'm keeping them safe.

 I have both discs.

 She said the guards would find it

 during body checks if she brought them to her cell.

 I'll hold on to his Stand ability,

 but I'll insert his memory disc back later.

 McQueen's memory disc.

 This disc contains memories related to Pale Snake.

 And maybe

 memories of Dad's discs too.

 It's coming!

 Hurry, shut the door!

 I was only trying to change the tractor's tire!

 I barely touched it!

 Hurry!

 Hurry, get out of there!

 We need to close this door!

 Come on, help me!

 Okay!

 It's heavy!

 Pull harder! It's almost closed.

 Now, pull!

 What the hell are you doing? I said pull harder!

 Those aren't my arms…

 Bro!

 I know.

 I was the one…

 who didn't pull hard enough--

 EPISODE : THERE'S SIX OF US!

 Fine weather, as always.

 Tell me, Charlotte, what is this commotion for?

 Why did we call this assembly?

 This afternoon,

 two inmates went missing on the farm grounds.

 Is that so?

 That's not good.

 The prisoners could not have escaped from the farm grounds.

 They must have drowned in the surrounding wetlands

 or gotten bitten by venomous snakes.

 I think we need to assemble a search party.

 Why don't you talk about the possibility of them being eaten by a crocodile?

 Maybe a female crocodile.

 Who was that? What did you say?!

 I did not eat them! I am innocent!

 Anyways.

 I have called you here to form a volunteer search party.

 You will not be compensated, nor will your sentence get shortened.

 I'd like to ask for your compassion.

 Are there any volunteers?

 Come on, Jolyne.

 You just got out of the Punishment Ward.

 Why would choose to tire yourself more?

 Because you won't be there.

 What?

 Very well.

 A party of five is plenty.

 Guard, bring the usual please.

 Inmates going to the farm

 must wear this on their wrists to prevent escape.

 "Like a Virgin."

 Also known as "invisible wall."

 In trying to take the bracelet cuffs off you give it impact,

 or if it breaks,

 it will explode immediately.

 Furthermore, if you stray farther than  meters from me,

 it will explode.

 It would be difficult to wipe your asses without your arms.

 Let's go, all five of you!

 Fifty meters?

 We're supposed to run?

 Wait up! Hey!

 All right, we'll split up here and start the search.

 The grassy area there is a marsh.

 There could be crocodiles, so watch out!

 They wouldn't be here.

 Why did you volunteer, Jolyne?

 Well, it works well for me.

 There are plenty of things I have to ask you.

 About the disc

 and about the guy named Pale Snake.

 Did you try it out?

 Did you read McQueen's disc?

 Yes, I gave it a try,

 but it made me feel terrible.

 It felt as if a stench was entering my brain.

 -Then you haven't noticed. -What?

 The image within the disc

 contained clues on Pale Snake's aim.

 McQueen.

 This disc will suit you.

 It's yours now.

 This is now your Stand ability.

 They're stored in one of the farm tractor tires?

 You saw a bunch of them there?

 His aim is to collect the discs.

 He was collecting Stand abilities and memories he stole from other Stand users.

 There are dozens of discs.

 He has to keep them hidden from the prison guards and other prisoners.

 That's why he has them hidden in a tire.

 My father's Star Platinum and memory discs

 might be stashed there.

 What? Father?

 So you're searching for your father's discs?

 Sorry, but I don't know anything more about him.

 I'll look for the tractor from the disc.

 A tractor?

 There's a good number of them here.

 -That shed. -Right.

 Hey! You two seem to be enjoying yourselves.

 You think this is a picnic or something?

 You're not searching at all!

 No, we were discussing that shed over there.

 We'll go search there.

 You made us run after you on purpose.

 Who's the one having fun here?

 Hold it! Did you mutter something?

 Oh, it's nothing.

 I swore to run around like a dog and search.

 I don't like her.

 Crocodile feces.

 I said hold it! You disrespectful bitch!

 I'm the guard here!

 Oops. That was an accident.

 The stick accidentally hit it, right?

 What is this sound?

 Why is my bracelet beeping?

 That wasn't on purpose.

 You ran into me.

 It won't explode, will it?

 That was a bad joke.

 Do something about it!

 Hey now, stay away from me.

 What if it explodes the moment you come near me?

 Hold on.

 I said I'm sorry! I'm apologizing!

 Watch it! I said don't come near me.

 I said, make it stop--

 Boom!

 Yes! That's what you get!

 Eat crocodile sh*t!

 It stopped.

 Come on. Don't panic and trip, Ermes.

 That sound was a warning.

 Right, Mr. Prison Guard?

 Dammit…

 So that was your ability, huh?

 Come on.

 There's only a tractor and bags of flour in here.

 There's no point in looking inside.

 If this was an easy assignment, then there was no need for volunteers.

 Seriously?

 There it is, Jolyne!

 It's the same tractor.

 That's the same tractor I saw on the disc.

 The number is the same too.

 STAND NAME: STONE OCEAN STAND MASTER: JOLYNE CUJOH

 The same vehicle number. It says four.

 They're inside that tire.

 We can get to the discs if we remove the tire.

 Listen up!

 We will now sweep the wetlands!

 The missing inmates could have drowned in the waters.

 You will go look!

 Hey, there's no way I'm going in the water.

 I'm not going.

 Let's go!

 Guess that vehicle is amphibious.

 Give me a break.

 Who knows what sort of disease we'll catch in the wetlands!

 What a pain.

 Now's our chance.

 Let's remove the tire now!

 Hey, Jolyne.

 Doesn't something seem off?

 No, something is definitely wrong.

 Yes, if we don't remove the tire now,

 we would be separated from the guard.

 No, that's not what I mean.

 He said, "Five is plenty."

 That Warden.

 He said five inmates are enough.

 but there are six of us!

 Jolyne, what could this all mean?

 Including you and I…

 there's six of us here!

 I know there were only the five of us when we left.

 But I wasn't paying attention to how they looked.

 Jolyne, what do you think?

 I can't say.

 I was fixed on catching up.

 But then, everyone's wearing a bracelet.

 That's strange.

 Were there six of us

 right from the start?

 Hey, you think this is odd too?

 There should've been only five of us, right?

 Can you tell who joined us and when?

 No, I could be mistaken.

 And it doesn't matter how many of us there are.

 She's been with me the entire time.

 I remember her.

 She's Atroe.

 She gets picked on a lot.

 She volunteered to escape the bullying.

 Right?

 I don't know you.

 Hey!

 What's going on?

 Why is my bracelet beeping?

 Crap, mine is too!

 -Mine too. -What the hell? They're all beeping.

 We must be nearing the -meter limit.

 But he can't be that far off.

 The guard is gone!

 Where did he go?

 The ATV is covered in blood.

 Why is that?

 The bracelet won't stop beeping

 because the guard's body is getting farther away from us.

 Did he fall in the water and being washed away?

 Find the guard!

 He must be within  meters!

 This is bad!

 Hey.

 My bracelet's beeping faster!

 No way.

 She's dead.

 No way.

 Did the additional person att*ck?

 Is it because we got close to the discs?

 Look  meters away opposite from the girl that just exploded!

 There he is!

 Get near him!

 The bracelet will stop beeping and it won't explode either.

 Keep your guard up, Jolyne.

 Our enemy is among them.

 Someone's a real psycho.

 She looks suspicious to me.

 The woman with the shaved head.

 And Atroe didn't recognize her.

 It must be her.

 Her Stand ability must have k*lled him.

 We'll k*ll her before she gets us!

 Calm down, Ermes.

 Say that the shaved woman is the culprit,

 so she was guarding the discs in the shed since before we got here?

 That's what it would mean.

 That's impossible.

 She's an inmate.

 An inmate can't keep watch /.

 Jolyne, stand back!

 -Something's there! -What?

 Just step back.

 Get away from the water!

 Ermes.

 -Did you see something? -No.

 It was nothing.

 But I'm not getting in the marsh anymore.

 And Jolyne.

 We can't be separated, no matter what.

 We don't know who the enemy is.

 Right. And these bracelets complicate things.

 To take the discs from the shed,

 we must be within  meters of the guard and the other three inmates.

 Ermes!

 Something's in the bucket!

 My face got sucked in!

 What is this plankton-looking thing?

 What?

 It split into two.

 No, four!

 These creatures…

 The bucket wasn't empty.

 I didn't look hard enough.

 They were already in the water.

 Smack!

 Ermes!

 Jolyne, don't come in!

 The water is not safe! They're multiplying!

 They can rapidly multiply.

 Get out of the water.

 You won't make it in time. I fell into the Stand's trap.

 Stone Ocean!

 I'll get him now.

 Jolyne.

 You're walking on the thread?

 Doesn't that mean you're unraveling your own body?

 Jolyne, stay away!

 I'll take care of myself!

 This is crazy!

 It's true.

 Yes, it's pretty crazy.

 Good grief.

 I would've been toast if I hadn't unraveled so much thread.

 So this is your power.

 Her body has a hole in it.

 She let him punch her so she could grab onto him.

 Jolyne, get out of the water now.

 Don't stand up, Ermes!

 That thing.

 It's a bunch of small Stands clustered together!

 It hid inside the tiny bit of water in the bucket,

 and it dragged me in!

 I know that.

 So don't stand up.

 Grab it underwater.

 The thread that I'm releasing!

 It's fast.

 It's powerful too, but its speed...

 Just what is it?

 A Stand's speed and power should weaken…

 the farther it separates from its user.

 It got me!

 Stay calm, Jolyne.

 I put my sticker on it.

 When I was caught in its arms earlier.

 This is my Stand ability.

 I'll peel it off now!

 Run further inland!

 It's not coming onto land.

 Seems it only att*cks in the water.

 Please respond!

 This is inmate FE.

 This is an emergency.

 The guard got in an accident.

 Send help immediately!

 What happened to you two?

 It looked like you were running on water…

 You three, don't take another step!

 Step away from the water!

 Don't try to pull anything on us.

 I know one of you did this!

 In order to obtain the discs,

 it seems we have to defeat the User first.
You three, don't take another step!

 Step away from the water!

 Don't try to pull anything on us.

 I know one of you did this!

 Did what?

 The one who k*lled the guard and tried to drown us!

 I know it's one of you!

 We really need to figure out who snuck in,

 or we're all toast!

 What are you talking about?

 I said don't move.

 Atroe said she didn't recognize you.

 What about you two?

 Do you recall seeing her from the start?

 I don't recall your faces either.

 Come on, you know I've been here right from the start.

 I don't remember your face.

 Hey!

 No one remembers you either, bitch.

 I'm the one who called help over the radio just now.

 You could be trying to trick us.

 Wait a second.

 You, with the black hair.

 You've got a nosebleed.

 What the…

 I couldn't see well, but…

 Ermes, when I punched the enemy Stand earlier,

 someone almost collapsed.

 Step back.

 Stand away from the water.

 Hold on, you've got it all wrong!

 This bitch punched my face just now!

 Look at her! She's bleeding too.

 What the hell?

 Her tooth scratched my arm!

 I was definitely here right from the start.

 The culprit is one of these two!

 Listen, I remember what happened with that crocodile warden!

 You're the one who caused a scene!

 She did do that.

 You guys are just as suspicious…

 Jolyne!

 Was it this bitch that att*cked us?

 How did you figure it out?

 Well, to be honest, I have no clue who the k*ller is.

 So I'll just b*at you all up!

 You…

 You bitch!

 She's…

 I was going to finish you off one by one in the water.

 Who would've guessed

 she had a thread ability

 and would survive the att*ck?

 Just what are these people?

 They all k*lled him?

 What's going on?

 Who's the actual Stand User?

 You're wrong.

 One Stand User

 for each Stand ability.

 The women who were here from the start

 were the black-haired and the shaved-head one.

 I finished them off because they approached the tractor.

 I then took over their body and mind.

 This body, I created it…

 using the missing inmates' flesh!

 EPISODE : F.F.

 The black sludge is gathering from those two.

 The divided parts of me have now formed into one.

 For the ability and the intellect Pale Snake's discs have enabled me,

 I will protect myself at any cost.

 It is my duty

 to eliminate those who approach the storage shed.

 Dammit.

 Where is the Stand User?

 You're misunderstanding it, Ermes.

 He is the Stand User himself.

 What?

 He is an organism.

 He is a living creature

 who received life and power through the discs.

 The guard of the discs wasn't human.

 A living creature?

 You mean, that conglomeration of those tiny things?

 It must be using the water in the bodies of its victims

 to move on land and guard the shed.

 It stays on land by dividing and multiplying.

 However, as a car needs gasoline,

 it needs water to live.

 To acquire the discs,

 we need to keep this creature out of the water and defeat it!

 But Jolyne,

 how can a tiny flea-like thing talk?

 F.F.

 Call me by my name!

 An astronomer named Fred Hoyle once said,

 "It is probabilistically wrong to assume that life was born spontaneously on Earth.

 The power of intellect already existed in this universe,

 and it created the origin of life."

 Meaning intellect existed long before the Big Bang,

 and all substances and organisms already possessed intellect.

 What is he blabbering on about?

 He's trying to say that humans are not the only ones with intellect.

 Even plankton have memory--

 I told you to call me F.F.!

 I am a being of superior intellect than you!

 This is bad.

 He's trying to hide the discs before we can get to them.

 If he buries them underground, we'll never be able to find them!

 Jolyne, we're in trouble here. Look behind you.

 That's the creature that att*cked us from the water.

 He's trying to drag the guard's body.

 Remember the bracelet?

 We must stay within  meters of it.

 It's over, Jolyne.

 Let's give up on the discs.

 We must get the guard's body!

 The bracelet will explode.

 I'll leave the bracelet to you, Ermes.

 What?

 While I run  meters,

 you protect the guard's body

 and drag it within my safety range!

 That's the only way!

 Hey, I said wait!

 What a woman.

 She's nuts!

 Why would she leave that to me?

 But, dammit.

 If it takes the guard's body,

 then it's over for Jolyne and me.

 I need to act now!

 I did it, dammit.

 But I'll never use the sticker like this ever again.

 I'll never create another arm for myself.

 This will hurt, dammit.

 I just have to carry him within  meters of the shed…

 Water.

 You little worm!

 That holler…

 You think you've won?

 This is the corpse your original dried out to the bone.

 This corpse has zero moisture.

 My sticker has split it into two.

 When I remove the sticker…

 You sure absorb water like a tampon.

 Or should I say, a drop of water in a desert?

 Shut up! You're in the way!

 Scram!

 Jolyne.

 We need to dehydrate it.

 That's the only way to win against these tiny bastards.

 You made it in time.

 Either way, I will k*ll you two.

 I was planning to ask you questions after hiding these discs.

 But very well.

 Let me ask you this.

 Will you jump into the puddle?

 Or will you try to run?

 Which death do you prefer?

 I have questions as well.

 The one who knows what you are.

 Is it Pale Snake?

 Also,

 what is his aim and reason for collecting the discs?

 How interesting.

 I understand the logic behind an offensive defense.

 And fighting to protect your friends,

 I can't relate, but it's also within reason.

 However, I don't understand why you'd come here to die.

 Well, Pale Snake, was it?

 Who knows? I've never seen him.

 You thought I was distracted, you fool?

 These puddles are already a part of me!

 Did you plan to break this bag of flour

 and absorb water?

 Either way,

 I fully understand my ability

 and have created the optimal environment for myself.

 It may not be so bad

 to use your body as a host for a while.

 No.

 You've already lost.

 This environment you've created by spilling water everywhere…

 It will lead to your defeat.

 You didn't even hear me start the tractor using my threads.

 The sound was drowned by the water.

 You got distracted with k*lling me.

 And now, you've failed to guard the discs.

 You… Damn you!

 I cannot allow you to have them!

 Those discs are my…

 The dirt in the field is much softer than that of the wetlands.

 Water is getting absorbed from its body.

 And there won't be water at the end point!

 I won't let you lay a single finger on those discs--

 Jolyne won this battle of wits.

 The discs don't belong to you anymore.

 You're finished!

 Dry up and become feed for the crops!

 Jolyne.

 Jolyne, what the hell are you doing?

 I'll give it water.

 Let's just say,

 I'm saving it.

 What?

 F.F.

 He wasn't guarding the discs out of loyalty to Pale Snake.

 I know that now.

 Though it knows its body will wither away,

 it chased after the discs.

 It was guarding the discs to protect its own existence.

 The discs gave it ability and intellect.

 It risked his life for the gratitude it has, to be able to exist.

 It could care less about Pale Snake.

 Hey, you want to save it?

 It k*lled five people!

 And it's literally not human!

 If it's not human,

 then it doesn't understand evil.

 Pale Snake is the evil one.

 Pale Snake only gave it the information that would allow him to take advantage.

 What?

 And I have another reason for saving its life.

 I made a deal with you.

 These discs, I want you to keep them safe.

 But do it for us.

 Keep them out of Pale Snake's hands.

 My intention is not to take those discs from you.

 I only want my father's discs back.

 And I want to know what Pale Snake is scheming to do.

 Well? Will you help us?

 But no more k*lling humans.

 Dammit.

 You really are something.

 I don't quite understand your feelings,

 but I no longer feel like fighting.

 And, I have lost… completely.

 DISC OBTAINED

 SUNBURN (NO CORPSE) SHAVED-HEAD (NO CORPSE)

 BLACK-HAIRED (BONE-DRY CORPSE) ATROE (DEATH FROM expl*si*n)

 STAND NAME: F.F. STAND MASTER: F.F.

 So the discs really were stored in the tire!

 We finally found them!

 This is Star Platinum!

 Jolyne!

 Are you okay? Hey!

 I have no doubt about it.

 This is Star Platinum's disc.

 My father, Jotaro Kujo, can be resuscitated with it.

 It's finally in my hand!

 But I don't see his memory disc.

 Where could it be?

 Hey.

 If I jump out of that window, do you think I'll die?

 Come on, it's just me.

 It's me!

 F.F., just call me that.

 I recovered whatever remained of her.

 I wore another inmate's bracelet.

 I want to use this body as a host for a while.

 This hand is useless, though.

 Take over her life?

 You mean,

 you'll live in her cell as a prisoner?

 Jolyne,

 I want to protect you.

 According to the memory in this body, her name is Atroe.

 Inmate number FE.

 Her childhood dream was to get kidnapped.

 But when she grew up, she ended up kidnapping a child.

 She wasn't after the ransom.

 She doesn't know why she did it.

 What the…

 Your arms are bleeding.

 Do they hurt?

 But I can't heal them.

 -What the hell? -Gross!

 Water!

 You might want to wait on going inside the prison.

 How about practicing drinking from a cup first?

 A cup?

 That's a piece of cake!

 Drinking from a cup is nothing.

 Gross.

 Hey, I wanted to ask you about Pale Snake.

 Does he come to this shed often?

 No, he barely swings by.

 I've never seen his user either.

 The discs stored here are the ones he doesn't use.

 No matter how strong the Stand,

 the body rejects the disc if you're incompatible.

 So all the discs are the ones he cannot use.

 He must have another hiding place for the important ones.

 And that's why

 the memory disc you're seeking isn't in this pile.

 What he really wanted from your father

 wasn't an invincible Stand ability

 but his memory.

 It must be one hell of a secret.

 Secret…

 The guards are here.

 What are you going to do, Jolyne?

 You have the Star Platinum disc.

 My next step

 is to deliver this to the foundation

 treating my father.

 If I don't resuscitate him soon,

 his body will begin to rot.

 And I'll find his memory disc

 no matter what it takes.

 Deliver it outside of this prison.

 It's harder to get things out of here than in.

 And the guards will soon conduct a body check.

 Let me see that disc for a sec.

 I'll just make my boobs a bit bigger.

 Ta-da.

 F.F., raise your hands or you'll get sh*t.

 Ermes, you too.

 The guard was att*cked by a crocodile.

 We saved him.

 We don't know what happened to the other inmates.

 That's the story we're sticking to, okay?

 She was just bait.

 Jolyne was just bait to attract Jotaro.

 I believed she would be harmless.

 Jolyne Cujoh.

 Did she defeat the guard by herself and take the discs?

 Could it be that the surviving inmates

 aided Jolyne?

 Hey, it's already sundown.

 You must return to the prison soon.

 Are you that worried about the missing inmates,

 Father Pucchi?

 A moment, please.

 I will be staying here until I give the sacrament on Sunday.
Father,

 my incarceration has taught me

 how foolish I had been in the past.

 I couldn't restrain my greed

 and continued to steal.

 I'm ashamed of myself.

 It's all thanks to you, Father.

 Could I please ask for your assistance in receiving parole?

 Recent studies have revealed…

 that proper training

 can teach even dogs and parrots how to read, utilize fire,

 and understand art.

 If that is the case,

 then what is the difference between man and animal?

 What do you think?

 I'm not sure.

 Anyway, about my parole…

 Excuse me.

 -Hey. -Got it.

 The point is,

 after finishing the first cherry and leaving it in your mouth,

 which tooth would you bite the second with?

 You must not bite the first pit while eating the second cherry.

 Sure…

 And what about my parole?

 I think there's a possibility.

 Do you really, Father?

 I will recommend you to the committee.

 Thank you, Fa--

 I quite like

 your mischievous habit of theft.

 Truly, an evil disposition cannot be corrected.

 However,

 I cannot deny this talent.

 You will prove useful to me.

 I cannot let Jotaro's Stand

 leave this prison, after all.

 EPISODE : DEBT COLLECTOR MARY LYNN MANSON

 What the hell?

 What do you mean F.F. is hiding it?

 It's an important disc containing your father's Stand, right?

 Are you fine with not knowing where she's hiding it?

 -How do we know we can-- -This place is fun!

 -It's not like the wetlands at all! -Really, now.

 I want to play too.

 It's called "catch," right?

 I trust F.F.,

 and Pale Snake doesn't know that she's alive.

 It's the safest place.

 You're right.

 But it would be even better

 if you could deliver the disc to him.

 I know.

 But I'm not allowed visitors or phone calls because I attempted to escape.

 And I don't have a plan to carry it out yet.

 Hey, you!

 That's my drink!

 What's the matter with you?

 I'm thirsty.

 Put that cup back on the bench now!

 If it's that important to you, then don't put it down.

 Especially in here.

 F.F., I'll bring you more water!

 Don't cause any trouble!

 Give it back!

 Oh, well.

 I ended up with more water. Lucky me!

 All right,

 let's get back to playing.

 -Jeez. -What?

 You've never thrown a ball, have you?

 Oh, crap.

 Tuck your hips in.

 A bit more.

 You got it.

 Your form's looking better already.

 Jolyne, did you know

 that we've tossed the ball  times now?

 We haven't dropped it at all.

 Think we can reach a hundred?

 A hundred dollars says it won't last.

 I bet  dollars.

 Sorry, but who are you? What do you mean  dollars?

 I'm Miraschon,

 inmate FE.

 I'm betting  dollars

 that you won't be able to make it to the th throw.

 Where did that come from, all of a sudden?

 I'm just k*lling time.

 Let's do it!

 We only have  more throws!

 You keep quiet!

 I don't have that kind of money.

 I can't match this wager.

 You can bet any item.

 Tobacco, dr*gs,

 gum, a phone call, a vibrator…

 I'll accept anything valuable.

 Let me be frank.

 I'm not betting on anything.

 Hold it.

 Jolyne,

 we should accept this bet.

 It's a chance to make money.

 You can use my money.

 F.F. might suck at playing catch, but still managed to continue to .

 We can win!

 Come on, Ermes.

 You suspect that this is Pale Snake's trap.

 But I know that Miraschon because we're on the same floor.

 She's the greedy self-destructive type that kept committing petty theft.

 Think about it.

 Even after your restrictions get lifted,

 you need to buy your time on the phone.

 So,

 gonna play or not?

 I want to give it a go! We can win this!

 Good.

 But you don't have  dollars, do you?

 If you raise your voice or get too close, the bet is immediately off.

 Got it?

 The wager has already g*n.

 But it wouldn't be fair for me

 if you play too close or hold onto the ball too long.

 We'll stay at least three meters away and throw within ten seconds.

 Good.

 Time to play ball! Let's go.

 Don't rush and take your aim.

 You have a whole ten seconds before you throw!

 Eighty-nine.

 Only  more throws to go!

 Bitch, stay away from my cup!

 F.F.!

 That was close.

 Come on, focus!

 It wasn't my fault!

 It's her! She got near my water!

 I'm just enjoying the show.

 Just stay away from my cup!

 All right.

 Five more seconds.

 F.F., throw the ball!

 -Damn, she's distracting me! -Hey!

 I'll hold your cup for you.

 -One second left. -F.F.!

 Idiot!

 Jolyne!

 That was close, but she caught it.

 Sorry, I panicked.

 Be careful next time, F.F.

 I'm fine now!

 See? A hundred throws!

 Good.

 I can go another hundred throws!

 See? An easy win.

 Now, give us the  dollars.

 Hold on, she made a wager with F.F. too.

 That makes it  dollars.

 That's true. She owes us  dollars.

 Now, cough it up.

 A thousand dollars if you throw a hundred more.

 You heard me.

 I said let's play for , dollars.

 Are you serious?

 Do you even have that much money?

 Of course, I do.

 But like I said,

 I'll take anything valuable too.

 The rules will be the same as last time.

 What do you say?

 No, I'm done playing with you.

 I'm going to be frank.

 There's something I don't like about you.

 -If you want to wager, go play else-- -I'll play.

 Good.

 F.F., hand me the glove and the ball.

 -Okay! -Ermes, no!

 Jolyne, you're right, she is suspicious.

 Especially the way she insists on betting.

 But…

 we can potentially make , dollars.

 There's no way we can pass that up.

 Be careful, though.

 The game begins the moment you agree to play.

 Might be  seconds soon.

 -Ermes! -F.F.!

 More easy money.

 Thirty.

 Thirty-one.

 Thirty-two.

 Great, the next one makes it .

 Inmates, put away your exercise equipment!

 Recess time is over!

 Five…

 F.F.!

 Thirty-three!

 Bitch!

 What's with that attitude?!

 Hey, this bet is off. Got that?

 Let's say that a meteorite falls from the skies above

 into this yard right now.

 Then, you'll persuade to end the game,

 blaming it on the meteorite.

 Not to convince me,

 but yourselves.

 Does that sit well with you, though?

 Maybe you ran out of time

 because you took too long to throw the ball.

 If you can honestly say

 that you didn't break the rules of the game,

 then go ahead,

 end this game.

 Dammit…

 Ermes,

 you know you'll be thrown in the Punishment Ward.

 Please, mister.

 Give me five… No, three minutes.

 I'll make another round, so finish up in two minutes.

 F.F., hurry!

 But a measly  dollars only pays for the ball.

 I'm putting the glove away. Give it to me!

 What?

 Goddammit!

 sh*t…

 I attached a sticker to it

 in case something like this happens!

 Ermes!

 Whoa!

 Let's keep playing.

 I'm just watching.

 I won't interfere or object.

 And I can't prove anything, but…

 Ermes…

 She knows what she's done.

 Without a doubt,

 she violated the rules of the game just now.

 I know this

 because Mary Lynn Manson, the debt collector, appeared.

 Ermes!

 She's a Stand User!

 Mary Lynn Manson will always collect the debt

 no matter where you hide it,

 or what it is. All of it.

 That's not enough.

 Smack…

 It's game over.

 Ermes!

 Ermes…

 If I sell this liver on the black market,

 it will compensate for the remaining  dollars.

 Bastard!

 Take this!

 I am the shadow of Ermes's conscience.

 You cannot att*ck me.

 Ermes broke the rules and lost the bet.

 I only collected her debt.

 If you have any other valuables,

 I can exchange it for this liver.

 The bet's not over yet.

 What?

 One thousand throws.

 If I win,

 give back everything you took from her.

 Everything.

 Good. However, I hope you are prepared

 to wager something as valuable.

 I'm aware.

 Very well.

 The game has already started.

 I shall see you again.

 F.F.!

 Jolyne.

 Ermes, this wasn't your fault.

 Miraschon is a Stand User.

 Pale Snake must have a hand in this.

 She must be here to collect my father's disc from me.

 Then you really shouldn't play this game.

 You got caught in me and my father's problem.

 I can't let you die.

 But what are you going to do?

 A thousand throws?

 That Stand seems invincible.

 You're right.

 We'll chase Miraschon herself and b*at her!

 The Stand may be invincible,

 but Miraschon isn't.

 That's why she ran.

 Let's go!

 She's here.

 She must have entered this room.

 There's a door to the back.

 Maybe she escaped that way.

 F.F.!

 Jolyne, don't throw it yet!

 Crap!

 F.F.! It's coming towards you!

 Where is it? I can't see a thing!

 Don't move!

 The ball will hit you!

 Whoa! I got it!

 That was too close!

 Great job, F.F.

 Now, calm down so you can throw it back.

 I'm right here!

 -Where are you? -Hurry!

 It's over for them.

 F.F.!

 I don't have time for this!

 F.F.

 I sh*t towards

 the direction of her voice.

 I didn't even aim!

 Dammit! What is she?

 Lockdown will soon commence.

 All inmates must return to their cells.

 Prepare for headcount.

 I repeat!

 She ran to the right!

 How unfortunate.

 You can't run anymore.

 Now that we know that you are a Stand User,

 I won't hold back.

 Wait,

 I'll give it all back.

 The liver…

 and the money too!

 That's not enough.

 Who gave you that Stand ability?

 What?

 Pale Snake.

 It was him, wasn't it? I want to know who his User is.

 What are you talking about?

 You shouldn't test me.

 I'm serious!

 I only wanted to go on parole!

 What is this?

 This is an elevator

 for transporting cafeteria food.

 How many more seconds?

 Six…

 No, is it five?

 Jolyne!

 Two seconds left…

 F.F, the ball!

 Throw it to me!

 Dammit!

 What's your next move?

 Eight seconds left.

 Seven, six…

 F.F.!

 Will this do, Miraschon?

 Such an easy and simple request.

 Feel free to ask me again.

 The game of catch

 was just interrupted.

 It's game over,

 Jolyne Cujoh!

 Mary Lynn Manson will always collect what's owed!

 No matter where it is,

 even if you don't know where,

 Mary Lynn knows where it is.

 Jolyne!

 I'll take the most expensive organ.

 And for the remainder,

 your most prized possession,

 your father's disc.

 And the disc…

 was on her since the beginning!

 I won!

 Your organ,

 your disc…

 They're all mine now!

 The game of catch isn't over yet.

 But how?

 The ball…

 Impossible.

 -You broke the rules. -No.

 We never agreed on my partner.

 The guard is okay too, right?

 The debt collector agrees with me.

 How many throws do I have left? Is it ?

 Or ?

 It's a pain to count.

 Let's say , throws.

 We did it!

 MIRASCHON STAND: DEBT COLLECTOR MARY LYNN MANSON

 OUT OF COMMISSION

 I will return the disc to my father.

 Along with the other disc that Pale Snake has.

 No matter what.
We finally found them!

 This is Star Platinum!

 Jolyne Cujoh.

 Did she defeat the guard by herself and take the discs?

 I will return the disc to my father.

 Along with the disc held by Pale Snake…

 No matter what.

 Of course.

 All memories relating to myself have been deleted from Miraschon's disc.

 Therefore, no one will be able to track it to me.

 The difference between humans and animals,

 is that humans seek heaven.

 Humans ought to lead a life that leads them to heaven.

 This is what makes humans beautiful.

 EPISODE : OPERATION SAVAGE GUARDIAN (HEAD TO THE COURTYARD!), PART 

 -Soap. -Here's my rent.

 I want the most expensive watch you got.

 Move.

 I'm using the phone next.

 What?

 Are you crazy, bitch? I'll take real good care of--

 Take a seat! You won't get tired!

 Here's a complimentary drink.

 Feel free to ask me again.

 This is The Speedwagon Foundation HQ in Dallas, Texas.

 We do not accept collect calls on this number.

 I looked up the number in a phonebook. I only have this number.

 And I'm an inmate

 at the Green Dolphin Street State Prison in Florida.

 My name is Jolyne Cujoh.

 Please connect me to someone who knows what this means.

 Please hold.

 Thank you for waiting.

 Are you Professor Jotaro Kujo's daughter?

 And you are?

 I am just a foundation representative.

 And I am not a Stand User.

 I see.

 But you seem to know about Stand abilities.

 Do you know about the discs?

 Yes, of course.

 After retrieving Dr. Jotaro Kujo's body from the UUV,

 he has been sheltered, not here in Dallas,

 but somewhere safe.

 I am so sorry to inform you of this,

 but your father is medically unresponsive.

 If I say that we can bring him back to life, will you believe me?

 I am merely a scientist. I cannot comment.

 I have obtained a disc.

 Just one of them.

 We can bring him back.

 I just know that the discs will bring him back.

 I'll do whatever it takes to deliver them to you.

 I just don't know how to do it.

 I want you to come up with a plan to deliver the discs there.

 Immediately.

 Isn't this conversation being recorded by the prison?

 Yes, probably.

 But that's a risk I'm willing to take.

 I have no time.

 This is urgent.

 I'm in a dangerous situation where I cannot hide the disc anywhere.

 There must be a way.

 And just so you know, I am not allowed visitors.

 I understand.

 Since you insist…

 What about the courtyard?

 The courtyard?

 Do you mean the courtyard between the men's and women's prisons?

 Yes.

 Please be there in  minutes.

 I can manage something.

 In  minutes?

 From now?

 Yes. You said this is urgent.

 If you instruct us to retrieve the discs, we will do everything we can to do so.

 If you say he will be revived, we believe you.

 However,

 we are a non-militaristic medical research foundation.

 We neither have the resources

 nor the ability to help you escape or save your life.

 Is that risk acceptable to you?

 Okay. I'll be there.

 And how will you retrieve the disc?

 We shouldn't speak of that over the phone.

 But please look for Savage Guardian.

 You will understand then.

 Let's call it Operation Savage Guardian for now.

 Savage Guardian…

 Is that an object?

 Or is it a person?

 Fine.

 I need to head to the courtyard.

 I'm at the cafeteria of the women's prison.

 To get to the courtyard, first, I must pass through the gate,

 go up the stairs in the back,

 cross the second floor corridor

 to get to the medical wing from the women's prison.

 You may pass.

 FE, you're the nuisance who got sent to the Punishment Ward.

 Your access to different parts of the facility is restricted.

 Jolyne.

 Emporio!

 Here! Do not touch the ball.

 We can't let others see us.

 Come with me.

 Wha…

 Emporio, those two…

 It's fine, they can be trusted.

 He prefers to sleep on a bed,

 but this room doesn't have one.

 So he ends up sleeping in the piano.

 Jolyne, I live in secret in this ghost of a room.

 Ghost of a room?

 Does that mean you're…

 No, Jolyne.

 He and I are alive.

 We aren't ghosts.

 You can touch us. We're warm and have pulses.

 Listen closely.

 Ghosts do not live here, but the building itself is a ghost.

 What?

 Does "the ghost of objects" make sense?

 This prison caught fire in  and went through a huge renovation.

 This room b*rned down in that fire.

 This room belongs in the past.

 It's a ghost of the music room.

 So… this means… Emporio,

 are you…

 Ever since I was born,

 I've been able to materialize the ghosts of objects.

 That's my Stand ability.

 But I can only use them.

 So even this chocolate bar and this orange juice…

 I can't consume them.

 But they still have a taste. They're quite good.

 What?

 Don't worry.

 This clock stopped when it b*rned along with the room.

 You still have time before your  minutes are up.

 But…

 you made a plan to deliver the disc over the phone.

 How reckless!

 I understand your situation.

 Pale Snake will learn about this.

 Please, Emporio.

 Tell me how I can reach the courtyard.

 Don't misunderstand me.

 I can't access just any place from this ghost room.

 I use the ghost items like this

 to get around without getting caught.

 I know you have no choice.

 He says he wants to tag along.

 You should take him.

 He can aid your cause.

 His name is Weather Forecast.

 This is a music room.

 Don't be so alarmed.

 Weather doesn't talk much because he has no memory.

 -Memory? -Yes.

 He has no memory of his childhood or when he arrived here.

 He's serving a six-year sentence.

 He has a habit of walking on tip-toes.

 He's a TV guide fanatic, but he doesn't watch TV.

 When he talks, he barely opens his mouth.

 And he talks right up to your face,

 so you may feel his lukewarm breath.

 He has no memory?

 Is that because Pale Snake stole them from him?

 Probably.

 He wants to learn about himself.

 He also wants to know why Pale Snake wants your father's discs.

 He says his Stand ability is not tied to the discs.

 He was born a Stand User.

 As for his ability…

 he can manipulate the weather to his will.

 His Stand name is…

 Weather Forecast.

 Pretend you didn't notice him.

 Someone was peeking to see where the music was coming from.

 Now it's confirmed.

 Someone knows you made a move

 and came to check on you.

 And we now know his face.

 STAND NAME: JUMPIN' JACK SPARK STAND MASTER: LANG RANGLER

 Dammit. He's already close.

 But if he's a Stand User, we need to take care of him now!

 No, Jolyne.

 We should hide for now.

 He doesn't know that you're headed for the courtyard.

 He didn't hear your phone call

 and that's why came to eavesdrop!

 If he knew, he would have waited at the courtyard.

 That's why, right now,

 he's chasing us!

 What's up with him?

 Turn into that corner before he gets any closer. Hurry!

 Just as I thought.

 He doesn't know

 where you're going yet.

 But what's with him?

 He had a weird way of running.

 We were able to hide because he's slow.

 Anyway, you need to head to the courtyard.

 Your phone call earlier was definitely recorded,

 but I don't think Pale Snake heard it yet.

 The sooner you go, the less dangerous it'll be.

 The medical wing is up ahead.

 Once you go downstairs and pass the medical wing,

 there's a gate for the corridor.

 It leads to the factory.

 It also leads to the men's prison across the courtyard.

 The medical wing is accessed by both men and women.

 Weather Forecast is a man,

 so if tells a guard he's going back to the men's prison,

 he'll have no problem getting to the connecting corridor

 and getting to the factory entrance.

 Go on ahead.

 I need to bribe the guards, right?

 Is  dollars enough?

 Tell them you want your boots repaired at the factory.

 But even if you manage to pass the medical wing,

 you'll have to get to the courtyard by force.

 The security is light, but if you get caught, they'll sh**t.

 and you'll get five more years for trying to escape.

 By force, huh?

 Guess I have to get used to using it.

 I just have to go.

 Another five years is nothing at this point.

 Thank you, Emporio.

 Right.

 This is the most I can do.

 Please revive him.

 If your father comes back to life,

 then I think

 I might be able see some hope.

 Oh, dammit.

 What's wrong with this cola?

 You touched the can, didn't you?

 Did you shake the can?

 Get me another one, will you?

 Oh, I didn't touch it.

 I only touched the plate.

 My shoe's got a hole on it.

 Over in the back. Can you see it?

 I wanted to get it repaired at the factory.

 Oh, man, my cola spilled.

 Where did I put that washrag?

 "Go get a cola"?

 You really want me to get one?

 And you want me to pour it into this cup?

 Do that yourself why don't you…

 What's going on?

 Oh, here's the washrag.

 You can go. But make sure to be back here in  minutes…

 Oh, she already left.

 What? Where's my cup and the plate?

 What's happening?

 Could it be…

 This is…

 The plate is floating!

 The cup and the boot as well.

 But, the contents of the cup aren't spilling out.

 It turns into balls of liquid and floats!

 Everything I touch is floating upwards!

 That money must have floated out of that guard's pocket!

 I'm in the air too.

 Since when that strange guy started chasing me...?

 He spit at me then.

 Did that cause this?

 The disc!

 Dammit. It slipped out when I rotated!

 Stone Ocean!

 My thread! I can't control it!

 There is no up and down.

 There's no gravity!

 I'm in zero gravity!

 You're going back to the men's prison?

 Okay. Go ahead.

 This is bad! He'll take my disc!

 If I try to punch, I'll lose my balance.

 I need to focus.

 Aim in a single direction like a rocket!

 What?

 Dammit. I can't destroy this disc.

 It just comes back like rubber.

 That's why Pale Snake told me to just collect it.

 Hold on!

 Weather Forecast,

 don't go any further!

 Can you hear me? I'm being att*cked!

 He took my disc.

 If we lose him now, everything is over.

 Everything will end!

 Don't let him go!

 No…

 My voice can't reach him.

 What a nuisance.

 Jolyne Cujoh, I thought I only needed to k*ll you.

 Jumpin' Jack Spark!

 Weather Forecast, his ability takes away gravity.

 Do not touch whatever it is he projects.

 You'll become weightless!

 Zero gravity.

 So you are a Stand User yourself.

 Surely, you understand

 the implications of my ability.

 He projected

 pieces of junk.

 Weather Forecast.

 This man, who is said to control the weather,

 is a mystery to me.

 But that cloud-like thing must be a layer of air.

 He used its resistance to deflect the enemy's att*ck.

 And he's using centrifugal force to spin his arm.

 It's weightless,

 it can accelerate forever with that spinning force.

 His body's center of gravity won't change,

 so he can accurately project a powerful att*ck.

 Jumpin' Jack Spark!

 Weather Forecast!

 This flame!

 Aerodynamic friction?

 Dammit, it's spreading!

 Zero gravity, deactivate!

 Meet your end!

 Corridor B.

 Emergency alarm activated.

 Dammit. That impact…

 And I have the disc, too!

 The gate is closing. What do I do?

 It's even harder to get to the courtyard now.

 But I have no choice.

 The enemy will be trapped too!

 This is my chance to get back the disc!

 What the hell?!

 Everything you touch…

 becomes weightless… Right?

 Jolyne Cujoh?

 The courtyard is just ahead.

 But where did he go?

 I need to get the disc back!
I have obtained a disc.

 Just one of them.

 We can bring him back.

 I just know that the discs will bring him back.

 Let's call it Operation Savage Guardian for now.

 You should take him.

 He can aid your cause.

 His name is Weather Forecast.

 Jumpin' Jack Spark!

 Weather Forecast!

 But where did he go?

 I need to get the disc back!

 EPISODE : OPERATION SAVAGE GUARDIAN (HEAD TO THE COURTYARD!) ()

 Emergency alarm activated.

 Corridor B.

 -Yes, that's correct. Corridor B. -Emergency alarm activated.

 We are awaiting reports.

 Did something happen?

 We aren't sure as of yet.

 But Corridor B's sole function is for access to the factory.

 There is no possibility that it is a fire or a prisoner riot.

 Rest assured.

 Yes, indeed.

 I trust this prison and the prisoners.

 With all the commotion, curiosity got the better of me.

 Surely, you are aware

 that no prisoner has managed to escape from this prison for  years.

 Furthermore, the courtyard is outside of Corridor B.

 No prisoner would choose to escape from there, of all places.

 You're quite right.

 Leave the rest to us, Father.

 I'll be off then.

 Just one more thing out of curiosity…

 Is the clock on the wall accurate?

 Yes, of course.

 It is now : a.m.

 It's almost lunchtime.

 : a.m.

  A call to The Speedwagon Foundation.

 I have the usual request.

 I'd like access to the collect call list and the recorded conversations.

 Women's prison, phone booth .

 The call from about seven minutes ago.

 Weather Forecast.

 Since you touched me,

 you are now weightless too.

 I don't see our enemy anywhere.

 We need to retrieve the disc right away.

 Stay calm.

 He must be within this laundry room.

 He is lurking somewhere.

 The courtyard is past that door.

 You are trying to reach that door,

 but it is most likely locked.

 You might need to blast it, or force it open somehow.

 There's... A slight problem...

 I know now's not the time for this…

 It's a personal thing…

 But it's urgent, and I need to go now.

 So, like…

 I don't know why it suddenly so suddenly.

 But, well…

 It's something that happens to everyone!

 What is this about?

 Well,

 it's the P-word related to the pelvic area.

 I'm just glad it's not "number two."

 You know, the biological phenomenon!

 You need to take a piss?

 No need to say it up close.

 I'm serious. I need to go.

 Just pick any corner.

 Dammit, why did I even try talking to a guy about this?

 I have relieved myself already.

 See? It's floating over there.

 In zero gravity, the blood in your body will suddenly collect in your head.

 Blood that is usually in the lower parts of the body due to gravity.

 The space between the skin and the bone is swollen and squishy with blood.

 It's called a "moon face."

 However,

 it's dangerous when too much blood goes to your head.

 The kidney automatically works harder to reduce the amount of blood.

 This triggers an acute diuretic effect.

 It attempts to thin the blood content

 by expelling salt.

 -But-- -Don't worry.

 I'll use my clouds to absorb your urine.

 What?

 Hey, wait, what are these droplets?

 They're leaking out of your cloud!

 Weather Forecast!

 No, that's not it.

 It's being sucked out through the gap in the wall!

 Me too.

 Blood from the wound I got earlier.

 My nose won't stop bleeding!

 I'm having difficulty breathing…

 No, it can't be!

 Jolyne!

 Everything I touch becomes zero gravity.

 I touched the walls leading to the door.

 That means the whole room is unaffected by gravity!

 The air!

 Air can't stay in zero gravity!

 It'll get pulled by the surrounding gravity, and it'll escape!

 We need to close up the gap!

 Otherwise, we'll suffocate to death!

 Jolyne, you're wrong.

 Suffocation isn't our primary concern.

 The blood in our bodies will boil first, leading to our death.

 In a vacuum, blood boils up like water.

 In a zero-gravity vacuum,

 people's blood will dry up in  seconds,

 before even suffocating.

 I'll reload my b*ll*ts.

 We'll get sh*t.

 We must hide somewhere!

 What are you saying?

 I'm bleeding out of my nose!

 We need to stop the air!

 Weather Forecast!

 Just take shallow breaths.

 I gathered what little air is remaining in this room,

 and covered our bodies with clouds.

 Cloud suits.

 The room is almost a complete vacuum.

 This is all the remaining air.

 Your nosebleed has stopped.

 How long can we keep breathing?

 I wish I didn't have to answer that.

 I'd say about two minutes.

 It's a cloud suit on the verge of death.

 If we don't defeat our enemy within that time,

 we'll be thrown into the vacuum, right?

 Precisely.

 Where is he?

 We must find him.

 Whether we act or not,

 his att*ck will finish us both.

 Hey, now that my nosebleed has stopped,

 I notice something.

 Listen, Jolyne.

 I said two minutes, but it could be one!

 We must find him immediately!

 Carbon dioxide is increasing as we speak!

 The laundry hampers.

 They aren't floating.

 The hampers over there.

 I touched the walls, shutters, and floor of this room.

 That's why the whole room entered zero gravity,

 and everything is floating.

 But why are those hampers and barrels not floating,

 and attached to the floor?

 Also, that enemy.

 How is he breathing in a vacuum?

 Shouldn't his blood be boiling over?

 In other words,

 that's the range of his ability.

 There is a distance range to this zero gravity.

 It's not the entire room!

 An att*ck range!

 From here to the hampers

 is about  meters or so.

 Zero gravity ends there.

 If we can get there, there will surely be normal air!

 You must go, Weather Forecast.

 He is outside of the vacuum range.

 If you do not control the air now,

 we will never reach our enemy.

 You may be correct.

 Outside that hamper…

 Go, Weather Forecast.

 The pressure in the suit is becoming strange.

 Go before this cloud suit disperses into the vacuum!

 Don't think you can get out of my att*ck range!

 He's gonna sh**t him down!

 I won't let you!

 I'll protect Weather Forecast!

 STAND NAME: WEATHER FORECAST STAND MASTER: WEATHER FORECAST

 He's coming around us!

 I'll charge ahead!

 He's going to reach air in a few meters.

 Once Weather Forecast gets air,

 he's going to corner you!

 If you want air that bad, you can have it.

 No need to even reach the hampers.

 I just now

 completed my att*ck.

 I wasn't trying to ricochet the b*ll*ts to injure him.

 I sh*t the barrel itself!

 A bit of air is left in the barrel.

 Highly pressurized air

 on the verge of expl*si*n, that is!

 Weather Forecast!

 He was pushed back to zero gravity.

 He is done for.

 He won't be able to gain enough force to stop the momentum.

 Weather Forecast!

 This is it.

 The suit itself is about to collapse!

 Jolyne! How reckless!

 You must go back!

 He'll sh**t you down!

 That thrust itself will dissipate your suit!

 She makes incredibly quick decisions.

 She charged into that bastard to stop his movement,

 and to push him outside of the zero gravity again!

 However,

 I won't let you through!

 I already know.

 Your Stand is very powerful.

 My rotating b*ll*ts aren't fast enough, and would get flicked away in defense.

 That's why I've been preparing.

 I've looked for them.

 I'd captured them away from view.

 There were quite a lot.

 Rats! They're alive!

 Could they be…

 Stone Ocean!

 Push them away!

 I can't see!

 Okay!

 I did not expect you to fight against my ability like this.

 This is checkmate.

 You're finished, Jolyne Cujoh!

 My mission is now complete!

 Jumpin' Jack Spark is the best.

 I feel invincible.

 I'm glad I was imprisoned here.

 With this ability I obtained here,

 there is nothing I can't do in this world.

 My future is rosy!

 I will hand this disc over to Pale Snake.

 I can defeat him too, if I wanted to.

 WIth my own hands!

 I knew it…

 I knew you'd do it.

 I was waiting

 for you to reload.

 I was waiting with my threads ready

 for you to reload your g*n.

 And you sh*t at me.

 These threads!

 When the hell did you do this?!

 Stone Ocean!

 What?

 You are the one in a complete vacuum.

 And now,

 without a suit, your blood will boil up

 and explode faster than us!

 We won!

 If you don't want to die,

 you must deactivate the zero gravity immediately!

 Dammit!

 The crime that put me in this prison…

 How many times did I s*ab her?

 When I k*lled the female professor,

 the prosecutor said I stabbed her  times.

 That compulsion.

 It's surging within me once more.

 sh*t.

 I won't let you underestimate me.

 That bitch!

 A reaction between hydrogen peroxide and manganese dioxide

 produces oxygen.

 Just like the oxygen in this bottle, it keeps coming out!

 My urge to slaughter someone like back then!

 Take this!

 I'll make a headstone out of your piss-soaked body with this glass!

 Jolyne Cujoh, your blood vessels will rupture first

 since you are covered in wounds!

 I got incarcerated for m*rder.

 I will k*ll you and leave this place an invincible man!

 Take this.

 This will be sufficient

 just to take the disc back

 from that bastard.

 Weather Forecast!

 What?

 Dammit! My body is at its limit!

 If I deactivate my ability, the air will rush in.

 I may be able to escape using the impact!

 Zero gravity, deactivate!

 Jumpin' Jack Spark!

 You should've deactivated it the first chance you had.

 The change in air pressure might have let you escape.

 If only you had deactivated it while you still had distance from Stone Ocean.

 The air is blowing you back toward me!

 How much longer until The Speedwagon Foundation arrives?

 Three minutes? Or two minutes?

 There is a corridor past this door.

 Alongside the right wall, there are windows that look out to the courtyard.

 There, you'll be able to see a revolving door's gate.

 This gate leads to the courtyard.

 The gate is accessible during the day and is unlocked.

 The next challenge is how to go about opening this door.

 I'll get a prison guard to open it.

 We have his work permit.

 We'll trick them into opening it.

 I see.

 Once the door opens, you'll knock the guards out

 and force your way to the courtyard.

 Very well.

 Not only will you be charged with attempted escape,

 but you'll also receive solitary confinement for six months

 where you cannot even exercise sufficiently.

 That's fine.

 I'll go to the courtyard

 and hand this disc over to someone from The Speedwagon Foundation.

 That's my only mission in life right now.

 The guards are coming.

 Weather Forecast, go find somewhere to hide.

 I'll go by myself from here.

 You're severely wounded,

 and if the guards see your injury,

 they might lock the gate.

 Very well. I understand.

 What is it?

 Why are you knocking?

 It's you.

 "It's you"?

 What is it, Rangler?

 What is this noise about?

 Hold still. I'll open the door.

 If you are returning to the men's prison,

 Lang Rangler, how about we stop by the chapel on the way?

 I'd like to speak to you.

 It's not a guard!

 Who is he?

 He's neither a guard nor a prisoner!

 What could his attire mean?
Who is he?

 She's Jolyne Cujoh!

 Not Lang Rangler!

 Should I assume that he failed, and she's the one with the disc?

 In a matter of minutes,her ally will come and get the disc at the courtyard.

 He's the chaplain of this prison.

 Why is he here now?

 She knows who I am.

 No, she would've already att*cked me if she knew I was her enemy.

 Wait! Please, Father!

 Please…

 Don't sound the alarm!

 I'm not here to cause any trouble!

 What should I do?

 It would be easy to b*at him unconscious.

 That's nothing compared to my father's life.

 Hitting him is nothing…

 There is already a problem.

 You unlocked the door using another inmate's work permit.

 Where is the owner of this permit, the inmate, Lang Rangler?

 I know I just met you, and I don't expect you to believe me.

 But I'm no liar, Father.

 That inmate att*cked me.

 It was self-defense.

 He's passed out in that basket over there.

 I must report this to the authorities.

 I understand, Father.

 But it has to be after I go to the courtyard.

 I only need two minutes…

 No, give me just a single minute, Father.

 I must go to the courtyard. That's all I ask.

 You want me to turn a blind eye?

 It's a matter of life and death.

 My father's life and soul depend on it.

 A man of God should understand.

 Are you here by yourself?

 Is there anyone else with you?

 No, I'm alone.

 I lied to a chaplain.

 But surely, a small lie can be forgiven.

 And I can't tell him about the disc.

 Please.

 I only need a minute.

 Doing something for others is all an act of expecting a reward.

 To be kind to others is to expect kindness from others.

 There is no such thing as unconditional love.

 Because unconditional love

 is a reward to go to heaven.

 You may go.

 I will pretend I didn't see you here.

 But only a minute as requested.

 You have to come back to this gate by then.

 I have no choice.

 Someone is hiding behind that container.

 If she has an ally with her,

 I can't reveal myself.

 I can't expose Pale Snake and k*ll Jolyne.

 The Speedwagon Foundation said

 I'll know how to hand over the DISC once I arrive

 once I go to the courtyard.

 You…

 Do you have a pass permit?

 Seems like you don't have one.

 You are charged with attempted escape.

 What?What just happened?

 I never intended to sound the alarm.

 I made the right move

 to have a prison guard watch the courtyard.

 EPISODE : TORRENTIAL DOWNPOUR WARNING

 It was .

 I befriended a man from Egypt

 who claimed that he had the power to stop time.

 This man suddenly said to me…

 There may be a way to go to heaven.

 He was young and beautiful,

 and yet he had the countenance of a man who has lived for centuries.

 I was  at that time. A student advancing my studies.

 Hey, don't make a face.

 I'm not talking about death.

 The heaven I'm talking about pertains to our spirits.

 The place our spirits are headed.

 The power of our mind must surely evolve there.

 And ultimately where our spirits end up.

 Surely, you understand what I'm talking about more than anyone.

 True happiness lies there.

 Only if you can reach heaven.

 I know that happiness

 can't be obtained by having the mightiest body, the most money,

 or the highest status.

 True victory

 belongs to those who have seen heaven.

 I will do everything to reach that end.

 Can you be more specific?

 I've recorded it in a notebook.

 Come visit Egypt sometime.

 I will show you then.

 I will need your help

 to test my theory.

 However,

 before I learned of his methods…

 his notebook was b*rned to ashes.

 The one who b*rned it was Jolyne Cujoh's father,

 Jotaro Kujo.

 Jotaro read the contents of that notebook.

 And he sealed its contents forever

 along with Dio Brando who aimed for heaven.

 I laid in wait for over two decades

 to gain access to Jotaro Kujo's memory.

 The contents of the notebook are within his memory.

 And I finally obtained his memory

 along with Star Platinum, which surpassed Dio.

 And now, Jotaro's body will only decay.

 Though his daughter has acted quite unpredictably at this prison,

 my plan is back on schedule.

 She got sh*t!

 Jolyne got sh*t!

 Who? Was it a guard?

 Or did our enemy learn of our plan

 and Pale Snake is lurking nearby?

 Jolyne!

 The guard will retrieve Star Platinum.

 My business here is finished.

 I shall return to the chapel.

 What…

 What was this thing?

 It's a disc.

 That's right,

 I was ordered to retrieve this disc.

 He also ordered me to finish her off completely.

 But whose order was it?

 I don't remember…

 Anyway, I received an order

 to blow her brains out.

 It's over.

 There's nothing more I can do.

 I cannot help you…

 You're finished,

 Jolyne Cujoh!

 What the hell?!

 My ability, Weather Forecast,

 manipulates the weather.

 This is all I can do.

 Jolyne,

 I may not be able to save you,

 but I can still protect the disc.

 And if you still have the conviction,

 you too may be able to make it out.

 Between  and , in Florida alone,

 it was reported

 that more than  cases of fish, frogs, snakes and sheep fell from the sky.

 The cause is attributed to tornadoes and whirlwinds.

 And these are poison dart frogs,

 which live atop the trees of Central and South America.

 It carries subcutaneous poison so deadly, even aboriginals used them for g*n.

 What the hell are these frogs?!

 These are…

 These frogs.

 Aren't they poison dart frogs, known for their toxicity?

 Once their poison enters the body, it takes mere seconds

 for the heart and respiratory system to shut down.

 That's what's splattering along with their body fluid right now.

 Pale Snake!

 This ability…

 Could it be his, who manipulates the weather?

 Weather Forecast.

 He should have lost his memory.

 Was he the one hiding behind the barrel?

 This is bad! Card key!

 These frogs are poisonous.

 What happened to me?

 Did I get sh*t?

 Are the wounds deep?

 The poison, it's seeping through the threads!

 Someone, open the gate!

 Please!

 Calm down.

 I must keep my composure.

 What do I do in such a situation?

 Two, three, five.

 Calm down.

 Seven.

 Count prime numbers and calm down.

 Prime numbers are solitary numbers that can only be divided by  and itself.

 They give me strength.

 Twenty-three.

 Twenty-eight.

 No, .

 Dammit.

 The frogs are covering my  dollar pants!

 Weather Forecast is in the laundry room.

 He's too far.

 I cannot stop this downpour of frogs.

 I must escape.

 Forty-one.

 That's right.

 The guard in the courtyard.

 He's still under my command by the disc. What happened to him?

 Guard, do you hear me?

 I order you to come here!

 Father!

 Help me!

 Ask God to save me, please!

 Forty-three.

 Forty-seven.

 Fifty-three.

 Fifty-nine.

 What a potent poison.

 -Tell God to save me! -So you do hear me.

 Give me your card key!

 Will I make it out?

 Hey! Don't take it out right now, idiot!

 Father!

 Sixty-seven.

 Seventy-one.

 What is going on here?

 These frogs…

 I'm saved!

 Open the gate immediately!

 Father?

 What's going on?

 I don't know! A tornado, most likely.

 Anyway, hurry it up!

 Understood.

 I'll open it now.

 These frogs, they're…

 What are you doing?

 There's an unconscious guard on this side.

 Hurry, open the door!

 An unconscious guard?

 Hold on, Father.

 I'll get help right away!

 Wait! Where are you going?

 Just open this door!

 That's it!

 I understand,

 but what if I need permission?

 Let me ask my superior.

 Stay calm. Calm down, Father!

 I am very calm.

 The one who's not calm…

 Seventy-three.

 Seventy-nine.

 …is you!

 You dare abandon me?

 I'll be back soon, Father!

 Pale Snake!

 Give me a disc!

 I may not be able to control all of them,

 but I can control one frog.

 Explode after jumping ten meters.

 I order you!

 My eyes!

 Save me. Father, call for help, please!

 Father,

 please!

 Eighty-three.

 Eighty-nine.

 Ninety-seven.

 I'm right here.

 You believe that

 if I leave here and call for help,

 you could get treated right away.

 That is what you're thinking, right?

 Then come towards my voice.

 Father!

 Jotaro Kujo's disc, Star Platinum.

 What should I do with it?

 I have eliminated Jolyne Cujoh, but I cannot leave her there.

 Did the gate open?

 Take me with you…

 Father?

 Where are you, Father?!

 I'm at the end of my rope.

 I can't guard against the the poison!

 The disc that I let go…

 I don't know where it is anymore!

 The rain stopped.

 Where is Jolyne Cujoh's corpse?

 The disc must be close by.

 That was vexing,

 but my Snake would never lose to frogs.

 Search for it.

 Pale Snake's range is  meters at most.

 It would pose a serious problem if anyone spots me here,

 but I'm out of options.

 The soul of a dead criminal

 returns to the earth in the form of a frog in want of companions to the afterlife.

 I've heard of such a legend existing in the East.

 Doesn't it describe this hellish scene perfectly?

 And the disc must be somewhere around here.

 Pale Snake.

 Search towards the gate from there.

 The guard might have taken it.

 It must be within that direction.

 I found it!

 I've recovered the disc.

 Thanks.

 I was waiting for you to find it.

 Goddammit.

 It's grossing me out.

 They're stuck on my face. Yuck.

 The frogs splatter poison when they hit the ground and burst.

 If they aren't crushed, they are harmless.

 I made a net with the living frogs

 to lessen the impact of falling frogs.

 And I waited for you to find the disc.

 What a futile attempt!

 I'll k*ll you, you piece of sh*t!

 He was already here.

 The envoy from The Speedwagon Foundation, that is.

 He wasn't even human,

 and he came exactly on time.

 He weaved past the rain of frogs and reached this courtyard.

 Savage Guardian is the name of a pigeon.

 The trained homing pigeon will carry the disc to the right place.

 Pale Snake!

 The g*n the guard dropped is by the gate!

 sh**t the pigeon down!

 That damn guard!

 He used up all the b*ll*ts!

 Dammit!

 I won.

 Don't underestimate me!

 Nothing has changed.

 Even with Star Platinum, your father is still a living mummy!

 He won't even recall his own daughter!

 Look! A guard is down!

 Don't step on the frogs!

 Search the courtyard!

 Someone might be there!

 Don't blank out yet.

 Its Stand User must be close by.

 I must find Pale Snake's Stand User first.

 The User has my father's memory disc.

 Now's my chance to find its User!

 Hey! Look out the window!

 Oh my god!

 It's a miracle! It has to be!

 But who's going to clean this up?

 The tide hasn't changed.

 I took Jotaro's Star Platinum

 only out of my pledge to avenge Dio, my friend.

 The memory disc is the one that matters,

 and it's in my hands.

 Everything is according to plan.

 Only Jotaro's memory

 contains clues to attain heaven.

 An abnormal situation where the frogs rain only in the prison courtyard.

 Jolyne's escape attempt was unquestioned in this chaos.

 And The Speedwagon Foundation obtained Jotaro Kujo's Star Platinum disc.

 But Jotaro's soul won't return without the Memory disc.

 Sports Maximum.

 I wanted to ask you about this bone.

 I want you to try something using your ability.

 Is that a human bone?

 Whose is it?

 That doesn't concern you.

 Let's just say it belongs to an old friend of mine.

 My dear friend,

 Dio's bone.
GREEN DOLPHIN STREET STATE PRISON

 Stop right there!

 What's going on here?

 What are you doing?

 ULTRA SECURITY HOUSE UNIT

 Prisoner FE.

 Name, Jolyne Cujoh.

 This is the second time you've caused us trouble.

 First, you attempted a jailbreak.

 And now, at the prison mausoleum,

 a female inmate has been found dead from blunt force head trauma.

 And yet, you refuse to talk and continue to act defiantly.

 For some reason,

 v*olence and death follow you wherever you go.

 We have no proof that you're the culprit,

 but you are, without a doubt, the troublesome type.

 Therefore, from now on,

 you will be disciplined according to protocol.

 You are hereby confined

 for an indefinite amount of time in this Ultra Security House Unit.

 f*ck!

 -f*ck! -There's a woman!

 The newcomer's a woman!

 I smell a woman!

 Her smell is seeping out under the door!

 What the hell?

 Yes!

 I got sh*t on her face!

 My own sh*t, on a woman's face!

 I want to bash her up too!

 One thing that must not happen here is the exhaustion of my mental strength.

 The unnecessary stress and the physical toll it takes.

 There is something I must accomplish in this Ultra Security House Unit!

 I must succeed, no matter what.

 And for that, I must not waste any energy.

 No.

 I will grow even stronger!

 It may be possible to attain heaven.

  YEARS AGO

 Hey, don't look so glum.

 I'm not talking about death.

 The heaven I'm talking about

 has to do with the soul.

 The place our soul travels to.

 The power of our soul must surely evolve there.

 I'm talking about the final form of our souls.

 Surely, you, out of anyone else are able to comprehend.

 True happiness lies there.

 But this is contingent upon attaining heaven.

 I know happiness is not attained

 by obtaining the mightiest body, having lots of money,

 or having dominion over others.

 True victory

 belongs to those who have seen heaven.

 I will do everything…

 …to reach that end.

 Let's say I place this sticker on this pen.

 EPISODE : SMACK OF LOVE AND REVENGE ()

 It then creates a copy of the pen.

 This is my ability.

 I call it Smack.

 Peel the sticker off, and…

 the pen fuses back together with force, leaving a fissure.

 It is now easier to destroy.

 I take this ability as my sign from God.

 He'll remember in no time

 that this seal of kiss is my license for revenge.

 Good morning, Father.

 May I have one of these flowers?

 I've grown a fondness for them recently.

 Of course, feel free to take it.

 Sports Maximum.

 F.F., she's cutting in front of you.

 Hey, I said she cut in line.

 I know.

 For some reason,

 I feel like the others don't accept me here.

 It's like they're looking down on me.

 Don't cut, dumbass!

 Tell her off.

 I disagree with you.

 It's not good to force something.

 You have to change yourself before seeking approval from others.

 Isn't that right?

 So, I decided to do the exact opposite of what I usually do.

 What's the opposite of coffee?

 Tea?

 That's right. Atroe's body, which I took over, is craving coffee.

 So I go with tea instead.

 On purpose.

 Does that make sense?

 Instead of bread, I eat rice.

 Use my non-dominant left hand instead of my right hand to eat.

 I'm trying to change myself by doing the exact opposite.

 Listen, F.F.

 The wound where I got sh*t…

 It hurts like hell.

 I told you.

 I can only fill the holes with plankton.

 The rest is up to your body's ability to heal.

 -Got that? -Damn.

 Jolyne, what's the opposite of pork?

 Maybe chicken, or even beef.

 The opposite of pork is salmon.

 Pigs lie around in mud all day.

 Salmons swim against the current to go upstream.

 I love that.

 They're cutting again.

 Scram, bitch! Come on, tell them off!

 Like I said, I'm trying the exact opposite.

 Like dragging people into the line.

 Come along now, right here.

 What's the matter with you?

 I won't let you cut in front of me.

 Don't touch me, bitch.

 Go to the back, dumbass!

 What did you call me, bitch?

 -The hell? -Look at that.

 It's so much easier to grab food now. Easy as pie.

 By the way, where's Ermes?

 I haven't seen her for a few days.

 Haven't you heard?

 She's following a man?

 Is Ermes really doing that?

 Yeah. Every morning for a while now.

 Even when you got sh*t, Jolyne.

 I haven't seen Jolyne.

 Something's going on in the courtyard. Looks bad.

 Hey, Ermes!

 Leave her be.

 The inmate Ermes is tailing?

 Yes. You know all the rumors around here.

 That's correct.

 I'm honored you came to me, Jolyne.

 Oh, you don't expect me to tell you for free, right?

 An information fee.

 I'll give you a friend's discount.

 Found it.

 "The body of a female thought to have been caught in the crossfire of g*ng v*olence

 was found by the river before dawn."

 Florida's local papers.

 It's dated six years ago.

 It's exactly as Gwess said.

 Gloria Costello.

 So she is Ermes's older sister.

 THE NEXT DAY

 Over the last few days,

 I've waited for the right time

  as I watched you, carefully and closely.

 I don't know what caused you to change your heart,

 but I watched you sweeping the old prison's graveyard.

 You also left flowers at a grave.

 Were they for your fellow g*ng members

 who were ex*cuted in the electric chair?

 I also watched you

 making taxidermy birds and alligators in the prison's workshop.

 Now, why would a grunt like you take up a sudden interest in such a hobby?

 Well, none of that matters.

 But there's one thing I must know.

 Jolyne, F.F.

 You seem well, Ermes.

 Here you go. Your share of breakfast.

 Ermes,

 about that man you are following…

 Following? I don't know what you mean.

 Don't play stupid.

 His name is Sports Maximum.

 He is a notorious gangster in the outside world.

 But now, he is incarcerated in the male wing here.

 Is that so? Not that it concerns me.

 Ermes.

 You were sent here at Green Dolphin for armed robbery.

 Did you do that just to become a convict at this facility?

 For you to exact revenge on Sports Maximum for your sister's death.

 Jolyne.

 You don't pry into other people's business in prison.

 Really?

 Well, I'm doing opposites today.

 I don't need you to butt in.

 Go back to the female wing.

 Ermes is right, Jolyne.

 You have your own mission to worry about.

 I know.

 Just a little longer, Gloria.

 I'll avenge you with my own hands.

 Ermes.

 Think of me as your mother from now on.

 From that day on,

 Gloria…

 you always put the family first.

 Ermes.

 You can help at the store sometimes, you know.

 I want you to inherit your father's restaurant with me.

 The hell should I care. I'm getting out of here.

 I want to get a cross-country scholarship and go to college.

 Don't act all high and mighty and tell me what to do.

 Ermes!

 Don't leave!

 Help me…

 Fetch me that thick stick with your mouth.

 Not like a dog, but as a baby would do it.

 I'm not interested in seeing what lies in the dark.

 I wouldn't report it to the authorities either.

 The darkness will handle those who live by it.

 That's the only way to keep a restaurant open in that city.

 But that night…

 Gloria had no choice but to put herself in danger and call the police.

 She did it to protect me.

 But even then…

 Defendant Sports Maximum,

 you are hereby sentenced to five years in prison

 for tax evasion and as*ault.

 Five years? Only five years?

 We can't corner him with a weak witness.

 This is the best we can do.

 He had her k*lled!

 He destroyed all evidence of that.

 Bullshit.

 -Wait. Wait, dammit! -Stay put!

 f*cking bastard!

 So you do remember her.

 That's right.

 You must not forget Gloria.

 Gloria!

 I've been waiting for this chance.

 I've been waiting for you to be alone so no one can hear your screams.

 That's what I've been wanting to know.

 The things you made Gloria suffer through.

 Sports Maximum.

 I'll make you remember them!

 STAND NAME: SMACK STAND MASTER: ERMES COSTELLO

 The hell is this?

 What are you doing to me, bitch?

 Your sentence ends in about a year.

 Once you're free, you'll have bodyguards.

 But you are defenseless in here!

 Yes. It's a perfect fit for you.

 It's true that prison pipes are not big enough to fit a human being.

 But that means it fits you perfectly as a coffin.

 Is that the sound of you falling down?

 Hey, help me out.

 Who the hell are you?

 Let me out, now!

 -You still don't understand who I am? -What?

 Take the last few moments of your life to think it through.

 You left Gloria's body in the gutter.

 And her suffering drove my father ill.

 I…

 lost everything.

 Beg them for forgiveness in hell, Sports Maximum!

 If you can with that mouth full of wastewater, that is!

 I placed a second sticker on the pipe.

 It'll be a lid for this coffin.

 It's completely closed now.

 Now, scream all you want.

 -You bitch! -Go on, call for help.

 Only cockroaches and rats will hear you.

 You belong in the gutter, bastard.

 Now try to scream, Sports Maximum!

 Those who rise from the darkness, Limp Viscuit… Come forth and join me…

 We will share joy in the darkness, Limp Viscuit…

 Something's there.

 It's coming towards me.

 This att*ck!

 It can't be!

 Sports Maximum can't be…

 f*ck, my finger.

 He's using a Stand ability.

 I don't understand why I can't see it,

 but I definitely felt its form.

 It was bird-shaped!

 Sticker…

 Did I win? Did I crush it?

 I couldn't have known that he gained a Stand ability.

 How's that?

 Sports Maximum, you've gone quiet.

 Did you get crushed inside that pipe?

 Or did the filthy water fill you up from your mouth to your assh*le,

 drowning you to death?

 What is it now?

 Is Sports Maximum still alive?

 He must still be alive in that pipe,

 hence this strange unseen power.

 It's bigger than the last one.

 It's fast!

 This power…

 Could it be the stuffed alligator from the workshop?

 Earlier, that was…

 the bird's corpse moving around.

 The invisible corpses have gained the power to move.

 They're the ones attacking me!

 That bastard.

 He's trying to bust the pipe and break free!

 Ermes.

 Why are you up there?

 Ermes.

 Jolyne is worried about you--

 Jolyne, F.F, don't come any closer!

 -F.F! -There's an enemy.

 There's an alligator.

 Invisible, dead beasts are crawling around!

 Damn, it got my leg.

 Ermes, just what is happening here?

 -Is this a Stand att*ck? -That's right.

 It's that bastard, Sports Maximum.

 He gained a Stand ability without me knowing…

 Run! It's charging towards you!

 It's already on the move!

 Stone Ocean!
It may be possible to attain heaven.

 Can you be more specific?

 I've recorded it in a notebook.

 However,

 before I learned of his methods…

 I laid in wait for over two decades

 to gain access to Jotaro Kujo's memory.

 The contents of the notebook are within his memory.

 The m*rder had planned to steal my father's Stand by giving it form.

 That's his ability.

 My dad's not dead.

 If I get his Stand back, he will come back to life.

 I won.

 Don't underestimate me, bitch!

 Nothing has changed.

 Even with Star Platinum, your father is still a living mummy!

 The User has my father's memory disc.

 Now's my chance to find its User!

 There's something I want you to try doing to it.

 Is that a human bone?

 Whose is it?

 It doesn't concern you.

 Let's just say that it belongs to an old friend of mine.

 My dear friend,

 Dio's bone.

 EPISODE : SMACK OF LOVE AND REVENGE ()

 Damn, it got my leg.

 Ermes, just what is happening here?

 -Is this a Stand att*ck? -That's right.

 Run! It's charging towards you!

 It's already on the move!

 Stone Ocean!

 Jolyne!

 So this is a Stand ability.

 He must have gotten a disc from Pale Snake.

 This must mean…

 I see now.

 Jolyne, take F.F. and get out of here.

 This is my problem.

 You stay out of it.

 No, Ermes.

 This isn't just your problem anymore.

 Sports Maximum must be after something.

 Most likely, it's related to my father's stolen memory.

 He is trying to find something within these prison walls.

 And we can learn what he's plotting

 by reading the disc inside Sports Maximum's head.

 Jolyne, focus on escaping this corridor for now.

 He has got to be close to drowning in that pipe.

 If we can hold out until then, his ability will disappear.

 -Something's off. -What?

 Where is it?

 The invisible stuffed alligator.

 If it moves, the threads should vibrate

 and show me its location.

 It's on the wall!

 The hell?

 sh*t, an invisible corpse has no concept of up and down.

 It can travel on the floor or the walls!

 Stop!

 I'm the one you want, bastard!

 You're wrong, Ermes.

 He's no longer just an enemy of you two.

 This bastard bit off my left leg.

 Where is my leg now?

 In its stomach?

 So this assh*le is my enemy too.

 Stay back, F.F.

 We don't know where it is.

 It'll take a bite out of you!

 Stop, F.F.

 You're right.

 It'll bite me.

 That's all these corpses can do.

 But it's fine.

 I got my hand inside its mouth.

 We did it.

 I felt it going down.

 Isn't this a part of your mauled shoulder?

 Dammit, it may not be big enough to patch up.

 He chomped your shoulder to pieces.

 Here, F.F.

 Oh, thanks.

 -Ermes, come closer. -Yeah?

 Ermes, am I correct

 that we were att*cked by an alligator-like ghost?

 Sports Maximum controls these ghosts.

 No, I don't think that's right.

 It was way too vicious.

 It wasn't a ghost, but an invisible corpse.

 What?

 A living dead that hunts for blood by instinct.

 Sports Maximum's ability can create invisible zombies.

 The pipe!

 What is it now, Ermes?

 What happened to Sports Maximum?

 Did he drown to death?

 I can't tell.

 It's too dark for me to see.

 He may be lodged deeper in the pipe.

 Or, maybe he…

 These handprints…

 f*ck…

 My throat is coated with shitty water.

 I want to rinse my mouth, dammit.

 What was I about to do?

 Where was I trying to go?

 Oh, I remember it now.

 The chapel…

 I'm headed to the chapel.

 My mission…

 is to find that piece of bone.

 If you fail, surely you understand

 that the ability I bestowed will no longer be yours.

 I know it.

 My ability, Limp Viscuit, can find that bone.

 The bone Pale Snake ordered me to find.

 I can find it.

 Dammit.

 I sure could use a break before I start.

 Like a good scrubbing and something to drink.

 Something refreshing.

 That woman there…

 Perfect timing.

 She's a bitch type… What was her name?

 I can't recall it.

 I'll just call her a bitch.

 Damn.

 Won't even greet me though I'm bribing him.

 Hey, how's it going?

 Are you on duty?

 I could use a drink.

 You want to go to the cafe with me?

 Afterward, we can have a little fun in a corner in some room.

 We can rub each other's bodies all over.

 assh*le, how dare you touch me?

 You touched me. You better pay up first!

 What are you talking about?

 Little sh*t.

 How dare he touch you when he hasn't even paid?

 What the…

 Dammit.

 Where did Sports Maximum go off to?

 He must have escaped that pipe while we were dealing with the alligator.

 Or…

 Maybe he has already turned into an invisible corpse.

 That was just a little kick.

 Stop fooling around!

 Fooling around?

 He looks down on you once and it's over for you, bitch.

 Do whatever it takes to make him pay up.

 Lend me a hand, and let's find his cash.

 Are you listening? Come on, help me.

 He's got something on his sleeves.

 What's this?

 Oh, so you will pay me?

 Why didn't you say that first?

 That's what I just said. Listen closely, idiot.

 What else can he be hiding? What about here inside his mouth?

 Hold on, you want to do it right now, right here?

 I don't get it.

 What is it that you want to do?

 Come on, stop fooling around.

 I don't do that kinky stuff.

 I'll be taking this. You had something nice, after all.

 What the hell is this?

 This isn't a drug.

 It's seeping out of my skin.

 This smell…

 It's sewage!

 It's the stench of sewage!

 My body…

 The filthy water seeping out of my body reeks of…

 f*ck! No, I can't already be…

 The hell?

 It's flowing from midair. The f*ck's going on?

 I didn't want anything to drink in the first place.

 I wanted to devour something!

 I wanted to devour and satisfy this craving!

 Yes, the brains!

 I remember it now.

 I drowned to death in that pipe.

 sh*t! She did this to me!

 That younger sister of Gloria Costello!

 That bitch, how dare she do this to me?

 How dare she!

 I thirst!

 Ermes, look over there.

 Oh, my.

 Be careful. He's out of the pipe just as I thought.

 How did he do this to her?

 Did he bite her to death?

 Are human teeth capable of such a vicious att*ck?

 Can they destroy a human body like this?

 He's no longer human, neither in intelligence nor morals.

 But Pale Snake's disc is with this man, without a doubt.

 I'll do whatever it takes to get that disc.

 Jolyne, you wait outside.

 Damn, he slipped out.

 Don't leave my side, Ermes.

 We're trapped in!

 He is capable of thinking just like a human!

 Stay away from the wall!

 We already know that he's not confined to the floor!

 We'll track his location three-dimensionally!

 There you are!

 You chose to hang from the ceiling.

 Sounds like I crushed some bones.

 Grabbing with his broken wrist? Right, he's already a corpse.

 Stone Ocean!

 He's caught!

 No.

 Jolyne!

 That's not Sports Maximum!

 He's using the dead woman's body as a decoy!

 Jolyne!

 STAND NAME: LIMP VISCUIT STAND MASTER: SPORTS MAXIMUM

 Jolyne!

 Where? Where the hell are you, f*ck?

 Jolyne.

 Don't move anymore, Jolyne.

 He's not your enemy.

 This is between me and Sports Maximum.

 Like I said, Ermes.

 This goes beyond

 your personal desire for revenge.

 No, not even beyond.

 We are already out of time and energy to even plan.

 Look over there.

 -He can't be… -He's had us…

 cornered the entire time.

 He has already revived them.

 The invisible undead.

 Who knows how many are lurking and where.

 We're surrounded, Ermes.

 Let's turn back for now.

 Staying alive is our priority.

 We must open that door so that we can escape.

 I'll extend the thread as much as possible to get F.F.

 We'll retreat for now.

 Retrieving the disc

 and getting your revenge can wait.

 Ermes!

 Revenge…

 That's what's important here, Jolyne.

 Revenge matters most even to Sports Maximum,

 who is lurking somewhere in this room.

 He wants to get revenge for being drowned to death.

 He must be overcome by vengeance right now.

 He wants to maul me to death and fill his mouth with blood.

 -What are you-- -Sports Maximum will make sure

 -that he's the one who kills me. -Ermes.

 Listen, Jolyne.

 Some people will say getting even won't bring my sister back.

 As if they know what I went through.

 And others tell me forgiveness is important.

 Gloria!

 Bullshit.

 Forcing myself to forget how it feels

 to have family thrown in the gutter and live on?

 I refuse to live like that,

 and I've braced myself for this moment.

 Revenge is the way to settle the score with my fate.

 No, Ermes.

 Fighting him to the death?

 Stop. Step back, Ermes.

 I'm reaching F.F. at this very moment.

 Five, no, seven of the undead

 are severing my threads and closing in on us!

 Don't do this, Ermes!

 Ermes!

 Which direction would he strike from?

 My… consciousness…

 Ermes…

 She copied her head with her sticker!

 The seal of kiss…

 is my license for revenge!

 I found you, Sports Maximum!

 I knew you'd try as much.

 Just like when you trapped me in that pipe,

 I knew you'd use that sticker to copy an object.

 Your ability won't work against me anymore.

 After all, I am…

 already dead.

 sh*t, it didn't work.

 Where the hell is he?

 You can't hear my voice, can you?

 But I'll say it anyway.

 It's your sister's fault for witnessing what she shouldn't have.

 Er… mes…

 Damn! Missed again!

 Because of your sister,

 I fell into your hands, and look at me now.

 I will never get over this feeling.

 Not this one.

 Nor this one.

 Listen up.

 Even if I eat your brains

 and stuff the sh*t in your guts into your emptied skull,

 I will never get over what you did to me.

 It's over!

 Now, I will finish you off!

 Ermes was waiting for this exact moment!

 The moment he removes the sticker so he can maul her head!

 Remove the sticker,

 and the copy fuses back to the original.

 Even if Sports Maximum had swallowed the duplicate earlier!

 I know exactly where you are now!

 Aim slightly above.

 The midsagittal plane of your face!

 She got him!

 Listen.

 This kick is for Gloria.

 Sounds like the bones on your face broke just now.

 Think of it as Gloria smashing your face.

 And this…

 is also for Gloria!

 Make mincemeat out of this bitch!

 You plan on hiding again.

 Well, you won't be able to.

 A sticker split your head in two.

 Remove this sticker, and it returns to the original.

 The next hit is also for Gloria.

 And the one after that too.

 And so is the next one!

 The next one too.

 They are all for Gloria!

 This one,

 and this one too!

 Take this!

 And this!

 This, this, and this!

 This, this, this, and this!

 They're all for Gloria!

 I don't know why, but tears started rolling down.

 I just want… to cry next to you.

 But I may not have that kind of time.

 F.F.!

 Where are you? Come heal her!

 Hurry!

 Open this door.

 Hurry!

 SPORTS MAXIMUM STAND NAME: LIMP VISCUIT - ANNIHILATED

 Emergency alarm,

 Commons Area A, Mausoleum.

 Stop right there!

 What's going on here?

 Don't move!

 Prisoner FE.

 Name, Jolyne Cujoh!

 After reading that disc, I now understand.

 I know what I must do in here now.
Listen closely now, Sports Maximum.

 Just as land comprises % of the planet

 and water comprises %,

 a certain number of souls are able to inhabit this planet.

 The more that humans populate this earth,

 proportionately, fewer of the other organisms can inhabit it.

 The total number of souls constantly remains fixed.

 Now, let's suppose that there's a way for one human

 to possess dozens, no, hundreds of thousands of souls.

 What will this human see?

 What does the future hold for such a human?

 I couldn't even begin to guess.

 It's an interesting thought, though.

 So, what is it that you want me to do?

 Sports Maximum.

 I wanted to ask you about this bone.

 There's something I want you to try doing to it.

 Try to revive this bone.

 Is that a human bone?

 Whose is it?

 That doesn't concern you.

 Let's just say it belongs to an old friend of mine.

 You're telling me to revive it, but that's just a tiny piece.

 Or do you mean to tell me that the entire skeleton is somewhere else?

 Can a single bone even be revived?

 Dio…

 This is his last remaining bone.

 The rest of him is dust. They no longer exist in this world.

 But you must try, Sports Maximum.

 If you fail, surely you understand

 that the ability I bestowed will no longer be yours.

 I get that.

 But I already tried.

 It's done already.

 What's happening?

 Where is the bone?

 Where did it go?

 Where is Dio's bone?

 What did you do to it?

 Where is his bone? Now tell me!

 The hell should I know?

 That's not a normal bone, now, is it?

 That bone is beyond my ability's control.

 The bone is moving around by itself.

 But I can sense it.

 I sense it moving around close by.

 Search for it! Get going, now!

 Hold it, Sports Maximum.

 This proves his theory.

 There definitely is a way to get to heaven.

 Do not chase the bone. Leave it be.

 Let his bone wander about freely.

 I shall merely observe its movements.

 Then, I will combine it with Jotaro Kujo's memory.

 I will learn the truth!

 I feel the bone's presence from the Ultra Security House Unit.

 Someone may have picked it up.

 That was Sports Maximum's memory Ermes retrieved by coincidence.

 Of course, Jolyne already watched it.

 Then Jolyne got punished on purpose

 so that she gets confined at the Disciplinary Wing to find the bone!

 Yes. But it's too reckless.

 Pale Snake must be aware that we read Sports Maximum's memory.

 Now, he will do everything within his power

 to eliminate Jolyne.

 Jolyne will not last in that wing by herself.

 I am able to exist like this thanks to Jolyne.

 But I don't know what I can do.

 I want your help.

 I can't. Even Weather Forecast, who is recuperating in the infirmary,

 cannot reach that part of the facility.

 I wish I could help, but…

 The Maximum Security Disciplinary Wing,

 or Ultra Security House Unit, is southeast of the male wing.

 To reach it, you must first leave the premises on a transport car.

 There are no secret passages there either.

 I've never even been there.

 So I don't know how I can keep Jolyne safe.

 I'm not asking you to keep her safe.

 I only want you to sneak me inside the Ultra Security House Unit.

 Hey, is there anything you can do for us?

 You can't expect him to help.

 Anastasia wouldn't cooperate.

 But isn't he a Stand User?

 Were you born with your ability?

 Like I said, don't count on Anastasia.

 He will not cooperate with anyone, no matter the reason.

 Why is that?

 It's because…

 I'm willing to do anything.

 If you take me to the Ultra Security House Unit,

 -I'll do anything to repay you-- -Stop, F.F.

 He just isn't the type of person who helps others out.

 What I'm trying to say is, well…

 Have you heard of Anastasia, his name?

 He's a m*rder.

 Anastasia's full name is Narciso Anastasia.

 Ever since he was a child, for some inexplicable reason,

 he's had a peculiar habit.

 No, not really a habit, but rather, a syndrome.

 A syndrome where he has the urge to disassemble everything.

 He just must disassemble what he sees.

 When he was ten, he disassembled his neighbor's Porsche

 and was institutionalized for six months.

 One time, he disassembled a high-voltage telephone pole.

 And when he was ,

 he went over to his then girlfriend's apartment.

 She was in bed with another man.

 Anastasia disassembled their bodies on the spot

 so they can never be together again.

 The psychiatric analysis conducted after his arrest

 surprisingly came back normal.

 That's how he ended up in the Aquarium.

 Without Weather Forecast keeping him under control,

 who knows what he's capable of?

 That's Anastasia.

 So please, give up on him.

 But I can't reach Jolyne by myself.

 I need backup.

 At the least, I can't do it without his help.

 But how strange.

 This feeling…

 If he refuses,

  I'll try to coerce him into it with my ability.

 But…

 I can't visualize my first sh*t successfully hitting him.

 I don't even know where to aim for.

 If I'm not willing to k*ll him, he won't listen to me.

 That's the feeling I get from him, but still, I must try.

 That's the reason why I came.

 All right. Okay.

 I can go defend her.

 Jolyne Cujoh, that is.

 -What? -I will cooperate.

 And if she wants to find that bone or something,

 I will help with that too.

 Now, let's hurry.

 She may be under att*ck as we speak.

 Hold on, Anastasia!

 What are you plotting?

 Plotting?

 I just told you.

 I will protect her with all my might.

 But…

 I've taken a liking to her,

 and everything about her the moment I laid my eyes on her.

 She willingly went to the Disciplinary Wing to save her father.

 Her conviction charms me even more.

 If I successfully protect her to the end, then I will marry her.

 This is my condition.

 Got that?

 F.F., was it?

 You said you are willing to do anything.

 Then, give us your blessing.

 That's what a wedding needs.

 What the…

 Do what now?

 He said he'll do what with Jolyne just now?

 Diver Drive!

 The hell's going on?

 What was that crash?

 The att*ck was delayed, and it came out of the wall.

 That's Anastasia's Stand, Diver Drive's ability.

 Give us your blessing.

 STAND NAME: SURVIVOR STAND MASTER: GUCCIO

 Hey, out of curiosity, Dio.

 Out of all the Stands you've seen,

 which one was the weakest?

 It can be one you encountered while traveling around the world,

 or one that was created.

 Which one, I wonder.

 What is considered suitable is different from person to person.

 A king has his strengths…

 and a cook has his own too.

 That's what it means to live.

 The same goes for Stands.

 The concept of being strong or weak does not apply.

 I phrased it badly.

 Children argue for fun about things like

 "Which one is stronger, Stallone and Van Damme?"

 Let's talk on that level.

 A Stand I named Survivor is the weakest.

 However, Survivor is a handful.

 Survivor? Sounds powerful.

 It was .

 In France's Lorraine region, a group of six went hiking,

 went missing, and then were found dead.

 The investigation team stated that

 the six broke out into a fight in the mountains.

 They fought each other to death.

 Men and women alike applied such intense force to their muscles

 that their own bones broke.

 A tooth that broke and flew off after a punch

 had split a rock and wedged itself there.

 That's how brutal the struggle was.

 Even the victor was unable to descend the mountain due to his injuries.

 Here is what I learned later.

 The six had stayed in a lodge the night before they d*ed.

 They had quarreled with the lodge owner.

 One of the women

 ridiculed the lodge owner's body odor, saying he stunk.

 And this lodge owner was a Stand User.

 Precisely.

 But what did this lodge owner do to them?

 And why did the six fight to their deaths?

 The answer is that he did nothing.

 He did nothing to them, but there was a slight anger

 that surged in his mind.

 And that slight anger

 converted into a small electric potential in his brain,

 traveled down his nervous system, and flowed out into the ground.

 That's the Stand, Survivor.

 The electric current followed the ground's surface

 all the way to the six hikers.

 The ground and the hikers' shoes had to be wet

 to let the electricity travel easily.

 The electric potential sending signals to the nervous system

 is very small, at mV.

 This Stand dwells in that slight pulse of energy.

 Survivor's att*ck is mostly unnoticed, and it doesn't cause any harm.

 It does not injure humans, nor can it manipulate them.

 It cannot inflict pain or put someone to sleep.

 The Stand does none of these things.

 It simply awakens its victim's anger.

 It stimulates the limbic system of the human brain ever so slightly,

 awakening its fighting spirit.

 Just because one woman ridiculed the lodge owner's body odor,

 all six were made to fight to their deaths.

 Earlier, you said it's a handful.

 A useless Stand is what it is.

 It can't tell a friend from foe.

 If subordinates started fighting each other,

 their organization would collapse.

 Could you give me that ability?

 If you don't plan on using it, I'll take just the Stand.

 Extract the ability only and store it in a disc, you say?

 That may be a good idea.

 To each their own.

 It may prove useful one of these days.

 I guess these mushrooms are edible.

 They're pretty good.

 It's shower time.

 Get up, FE!

 It's bright!

 Hell yeah! I got her!

 She hid!

 She hid like a dirty cockroach!

 I win this cell.

 The total sum is  dollars for my wins!

 Sorry!

 Damn. But all I got on me is  dollars.

 Come on, let's shake on it.

 If that's all you got, I guess.

 In any case,

 what I must do here is to use this thread to find the bone.

 What is that bone doing here?

 I don't know the answer yet,

 but for some reason, it's somewhere inside this Disciplinary Wing.

 Could it be in someone's possession?

 If I can obtain the bone first, Pale Snake will come after me.

 And with him,

 my father's stolen memory disc in his hand!

 Hey dumbass!

 Who told you to stand?

 By the way,

 how do you think the Marlins will play tonight?

 Their chances of winning are slim.

 The pitcher broke up with that reporter girl.

 He won't throw any strikes.

 You want to bet those  dollars on it?

 I'm in.

 Aren't you short on money, though?

 I'm telling you, his throws will be bad.

 No, that pitcher is good.

 You're such easy prey.

 Can't wait for tonight's game.

 Oh, sorry.

 This valve doesn't close very easily.

 Be more careful.

 I have to go back to the main prison to change.

 Hey, why did you hit me?

 I said I'm sorry.

 It's not like I got you wet on purpose.

 Oh, did I hit you just now?

 The hell is wrong with you?

 I didn't smack you that hard.

 You want some?

 You didn't need to punch me hard, bastard.

 -You jerk! -assh*le!

 Why you little…

 All right, that's enough.

 I said enough.

 I said stop.

 I'll apologize. I'm sorry.

 I'll lend you my uniform if you don't have a spare.

 That settles it, right? Let's be done.

 What got into you? Calm down.

 Are you in a bad mood today?

 We're friends… right?

 That hurts!

 You swing hard, f*ck!

 I'll take you on!

 What has gotten into them?

 It can't be…

 I'm getting excited.

 His physique…

 I can see where his body's strengths are!

 His superbly developed muscles!

 Beautiful…

 I can sense his strongest muscle structures!

 How wonderful it is to fight!

 What the…

 What's happening to their bodies?

 What are those things that seem to shine?

 Here I come. I'll show you who is stronger!

 I am the strongest!

 Is this an enemy's att*ck?

 Is that guard my foe?

 No, the enemy hasn't shown up yet.

 But this is a Stand ability!

 This freakish feel… It must be a Stand att*ck!

 "Do not cast what is holy to the dogs;

 lest they trample them under their feet,

 and turn and tear you in pieces."

 Matthew :.

 Sports Maximum has gone missing.

 I can't fathom how they learned of it,

 but I must conclude that they read his memory.

 The number of Stand Users I sent to the Disciplinary Wing…

 Four!

 If Jolyne Cujoh entered the Disciplinary Wing

 in search of Dio's bone…

 I cannot let her live a moment longer.

 I will use all my strength to eliminate her!

 It doesn't really matter what happens inside the Disciplinary Wing.

 Those four will undoubtedly fight on

 until Jotaro's daughter is eliminated!

 He sent everything he's got.

 I can see where your strengths are!

 Bastards!

 I can see

 the strongest parts of each fighter's body from here!

 It's Fight Club time!

 Let's brawl!
Then Jolyne got punished on purpose so that she gets confined

 at the Disciplinary Wing to find the bone!

 Yes.

 If I successfully protect her to the end, then I will marry her.

 This is my condition.

 Got that?

 Diver Drive!

 Give us your blessing.

 The electric potential sending signals to the nervous system

 is very small, at mV.

 This Stand dwells in that slight pulse of energy.

 Survivor's att*ck is mostly unnoticed, and it doesn't cause any harm.

 It simply awakens its victim's anger.

 EPISODE : THE SECRET OF GUARD WESTWOOD

 Bastards!

 I can see

 the strongest parts of each fighter's body from here!

 It's Fight Club time!

 Let's brawl!

 I've always found you irritating, f*ck!

 The enemy User must be among them.

 One of them manipulated the guards into fighting.

 The bone lurking somewhere within this Ultra Security House Unit…

 I'll do anything it takes to make it mine!

 I won't let anyone stand in my way.

 If anyone dares, I will k*ll--

 Hold on… k*ll?

 Did I really think that just now?

 This burning feeling awakening within me…

 Is this my fighting spirit? It urges me to conquer all

 no matter who I'm up against or what happens to me.

 Why do I feel so aggressive?

 This prison guard…

 Now, he wants to do to me what he did to the other guard.

 But that's fine. He's no match for my Stone Ocean.

 Stone Ocean!

 I can see it, FE.

 I can see your strongest point.

 It's the thread-like thing coming out of your muscles.

 It's beautiful.

 So that's your strongest power.

 His movements just now…

 Though his fight with the other guard was uncanny and brutal,

 it was still just a brawl.

 But now,

 his movements are beyond what humans can do!

 I have to defeat him with all my power as fast as I can!

 The guard's muscles…

 They are shining beautifully.

 Also, the sequence of his movements just now…

 How is a human capable of ignoring fear and pain

 to exert that much force when attacking and jumping?

 But if the beautiful lights emanating from his muscles

 indicate his strongest parts,

 then that leg of his right now…

 That's the leg I att*cked.

 My att*ck was effective!

 I can feel it.

 I can tell that my att*ck did some deep damage to his leg!

 Bastard.

 Who said you can walk in front of me?

 You're pissing me off!

 The others have started fighting too.

 Take this!

 Damn prison guard!

 I must incapacitate him as quickly as I can and focus on finding the bone!

 Good thing you didn't wring your own neck

 with that swing of yours.

 Now, just stay there!

 What the hell just happened?

 How did he att*ck me?

 This prison guard!

 What did you do just now?

 This is…

 So he is also a Stand User.

 There's more than one User in this Disciplinary Wing.

 He already had a Stand on a disc!

 But what did he do, and how?

 I left him no chance to counter me.

 And I didn't see his Stand, so how did he att*ck me?

 It's deep.

 f*ck, it's deep.

 He can't leave a wound this deep with a stashed razor blade or a Kn*fe.

 Just what did he do to me?

 If he has a power-type Stand, then I should be able to see it!

 FE.

 You use threads to att*ck.

 I see threads and a bundle of them in your body.

 Your strongest power comes from using this ability.

 That's what makes you strong.

 How beautiful.

 I can see your shine.

 When did you become a Stand User?

 Yesterday?

 Or a moment ago?

 I saw it!

 I saw his Stand!

 His Stand took form!

 A Stand User…

 So this bastard is the assassin sent to eliminate me.

 Strings do not require power to defend.

 A punch's straight trajectory can easily be changed

 by throwing it off by just a little.

 Right into my trap.

 Now that you've used both of your arms, I can restrict all your movements.

 In other words…

 you'll get covered with my jacket.

 Stone Ocean!

 I won't let you get back up.

 Wha… what?

 It's happening again!

 What does his Stand do?

 No, I can't see it! What did it do?

 I have you now!

 You're just a piece of sh*t.

 You've made a fool out of me.

 How dare you.

 Prisoners are the scum of society.

 Nothing infuriates me more than scum like you treating me like sh*t.

 I spent every day on duty irritated like this.

 How dare you look down on me.

 I'll make you pay.

 I'm not holding back anymore!

 I'll release my anger now.

 I won't hold anything back.

 I'll make sure you pay.

 I am the strongest!

 I'm going crazy, and you're going to get it!

 What's that on the ceiling window?

 No, so his Stand is…

 This isn't good!

 At this rate, I'll be…

 I have to get away!

 His Stand's att*ck is coming towards me!

 I got you now.

 I've completely locked you in.

 Did you forget that I'm a prison guard?

 I detain prisoners almost every day at my job.

 Your right hand may seem to be free,

 but this headlock does more than choke.

 I'm also twisting the joint on your left shoulder

 so that your right arm goes dead and doesn't rise.

 Your right hand won't reach my face.

 This headlock has one weakness, which I know very well.

 Your right hand is free to grab my balls.

 Of course, I wouldn't mind that if the situation were different.

 But I can even block that too!

 It's coming!

 If I don't do something, his Stand's true form will…

 That ceiling!

 The ceiling window's hard glass…

 Those cracks!

 I have to break free!

 Stone Ocean!

 I tore his eardrum!

 His grip loosened!

 The universe is full of countless space rocks and debris.

 Many of such rocks are drawn in by the gravitational pull of the earth.

 While the majority disintegrate before reaching the surface,

 what if the meteorites

 could retain optimal angle and speed while entering the atmosphere?

 STAND NAME: STARLIGHT WAVES STAND MASTER: VIVIANO WESTWOOD

 Oh, so you're coming too.

 I can do this by myself.

 I make and call the sh*ts around here.

 Yes, I asked for your help, but let's make that clear.

 Also, if Pale Snake really is determined to eliminate Jolyne,

 he must have sent two assassins, no, even more than that.

 There must be at least three Stand Users after Jolyne's life.

 You and I will get rid of them, then meet back here.

 Got that?

 Fine.

 I plan to be back before that guard wakes up.

 Also, we already agreed that I'll marry Jolyne.

 Don't forget that.

 Yeah, so about that…

 What the hell do you mean? I really don't get you.

 Meteorites!

 His att*cks are the meteorites that are drawn to this prison guard!

 That's what was smashing into me.

 His Stand attracts meteorites from space.

 But they always burn away before they can hit him.

 And another one will fall. He'll attract another one!

 Before that happens…

 I got you!

 This time, I won't let go!

 I'll be the victor, shining beautifully.

 I am the strongest!

 Stone Ocean!

 I'll strip off your skin from toe to head!

 Now let me go, you f*cking guard!

 He loosened his grip!

 I barely dodged them.

 I tried to deflect the meteorites toward him,

 but it's just like the last time.

 Not a single meteorite will hit him.

 They disintegrate the moment before they hit him!

 That prison guard's Stand ability

 attracts the falling meteorites toward his body like a magnet!

 But no matter what I try,

 the meteorites hit only me when I get close to him.

 How bizarre.

 Burning rocks are falling toward me from the sky.

 Are they meteorites?

 Could this be my strongest power?

 FE.

 How many of them have smashed into you?

 Your wounds look serious.

 They got both your arms, your left ribs, and your right leg.

 So that's five times.

 Or is that six?

 The next one will be your fatal blow.

 What a bluff.

 You are barely able to stand right now.

 Not even, you are just trying to fool me with that stance.

 In truth, you can't fight me with those arms anymore.

 Your arm muscles are pitch-black.

 The muscles have really lost their shine.

 Why don't we fool around a bit?

 Let's see how bad your damage is.

 What's the matter?

 Come on, give me a swing.

 I'm not even blocking.

 Here, att*ck me.

 How do you want to punch me?

 I'll even close my eyes for you.

 Over there!

 That little thing he's got.

 That's the bone Pale Snake is after!

 That's the bone! It's right over there!

 You can't even fight anymore!

 You are using the wall to block the meteorites.

 I knew you'd try that!

 Meteorites were already crashing towards me

 from the other side of the wall!

 I won!

 I knew it, you are so damaged that you can't even block my blows!

 One stared at the wall

 While the other looked up at the stars On the other side of the bars

 Which am I?

 And now, one more hit!

 The bone is right over there.

 I will do anything to get close to Pale Snake.

 I'll even drink sewage water.

 I'll even become the strongest!

 I win!

 There's no way for you to escape the meteorite now!

 Of course, I want to look up at the stars.

 I want to keep looking at them until I see Dad again.

 Good grief.

 Here comes your final blow!

 You're done for!

 I can't dodge this final blow.

 I can't block it with Stone Ocean anymore.

 I am superior!

 But…

 I did manage to slip off your right shoe.

 She even put a brick in my boot!

 She took the hit, but the damage was halved!

 She changed its course!

 The meteorite will disintegrate.

 It's impossible to hit you with it.

 I'm strictly speaking about the meteorite, that is.

 My boot!

 Seriously, good grief.

 You bitch!

 Stone Ocean!

 What is up with this bitch?

 She really doesn't give up.

 She doesn't give up at all.

 Dammit.

 Yes, if the meteorite collides into something else first,

 then she can hit me with it.

 How terrible.

 How dare she do such a terrible thing against me.

 This woman…

 I choose to look up at the stars.

 Match over!
My dear friend,

 Dio's bone.

 What's happening?

 Where is the bone?

 Where is his bone? Now tell me!

 I feel the bone's presence from the Ultra Security House Unit.

 Then Jolyne got punished on purpose

 so that she gets confined at the Disciplinary Wing to find the bone!

 Yes. But it's too reckless.

 If I can obtain the bone first, Pale Snake will come after me.

 And with him,

 my father's stolen memory disc in his hand!

 That small man…

 I must find him.

 He has the bone!

 Is he hiding somewhere?

 What if someone gets that small man before I do?

 I must obtain the bone before I lose it again.

 What happened here?

 They are already done fighting.

 And everyone in the Disciplinary Wing is abnormally bloated.

 It's a Stand.

 How many other Stand Users were sent here?

 Are they the ones who did this?

 Just what exactly did they do?

 No, one User only has one Stand.

 These prisoners were defeated by just one of these two guys.

 How many other Stand Users were sent to this Disciplinary Wing?

 At the least, there is one more User

 who manipulates others into fighting by stimulating their minds.

 Can you stand with that injury of yours?

 That thread Stand of yours was most fascinating.

 Especially since it's impossible to predict its next move.

 Even more intriguing, though, is your mental strength.

 Despite the damage to your body,

 I can sense the growth you've had since the last battle.

 When Pale Snake said he would send four Stand Users, including myself,

 I questioned his judgment for sending such an excessive number of us.

 But now, I understand him a little better.

 Especially since he wishes to finish you off completely.

 I am Kenzou,  years old.

 The secret to my longevity is eight and a half hours of sleep a day

 and my daily "urine therapy," with just one cup every morning.

 The important thing is to keep the habit going.

 Have you heard of "urine therapy"?

 If you want a fight, I won't back down.

 American-style.

 French-style.

 Japanese-style.

 Italian-style, specifically Naples.

 Those are "f*ck you" gestures from around the globe.

 I will start by telling you the conclusion.

 These prisoners drowned to death.

 I drowned them, so their bodies are bloated like that.

 And it seems that I won't be facing you just yet.

 F.F.!

 sh*t.

 He knew I was sneaking up on him from the bloated bodies.

 My preemptive strike failed.

 Not only that, but that bloated corpse got in the way of my F.F. g*n.

 Close call.

 F.F., how did you get in here?

 I made it in the nick of time.

 Looks like you're in some deep sh*t.

 I'll fill up your wounds in a second.

 That man… who was he again?

 Right, he was at Emporio's hideout with Weather Forecast.

 Before I heal you, Jolyne, I'll take care of this geezer!

 Southeast,  degrees,  minutes, and  seconds.

 Their sweat…

 It will drip.

 Will they open their mouth?

 Do you want to drown?

 Drown?

 I don't know what your plans are, but I sure love water.

 See if it works on me--

 The time it takes for humans to drown in water

 is between five to seven minutes for those who have been trained.

 That's only if there's air left in the lungs.

 But let's say all the air is sucked out from both lungs.

 In this condition,

 humans drown to death instantly with a mere few drops of water!

 I directly struck

 your fourth cervical vertebra by going through your throat.

 It contains nerves connected to your kidney.

 The adrenal gland!

 It produces bodily fluids that lubricate the respiratory system

 like oil does to an engine.

 Even a few drops of water

 will make you feel as if you are being swallowed up in a giant wave!

 I can't breathe!

 Right now, I'm in the body of an average human, Atroe.

 This is bad, this body won't last!

 F.F.!

 Do you want to drown too?

 Jolyne Cujoh!

 I have you!

 What are you?

 Are you really human?

 Don't stand.

 Just observe them from here for now.

 Shouldn't you be assessing what kind of Stand User that geezer is?

 The problem here is not that he drowned those prisoners,

 but that he dodged every b*llet.

 It may seem insignificant, but how did he do that?

 That's more dangerous, don't you think?

 What brought you here?

 Your name is Anastasia, right?

 I love you. I couldn't wait to be here with you.

 Say what now?

 That old man has been incarcerated here for  years now.

 He's an idiot who drinks his own piss.

 I thought I hadn't seen him at the male wing for a while,

 but who would've guessed he was here?

 Even worse, he now has a Stand.

 In the autumn of ,

 this geezer k*lled  people, all young men and women.

 His sentence is for  years.

 Though he's old now, he was  when he received his sentence.

 He was the self-proclaimed founder of a cult.

 His sect was so popular that even Hollywood stars joined it.

 However, his cult's activities clashed with society,

  so the police and the FBI intervened.

 Cornered,

 this geezer locked himself and  of his followers

 in an estate here in Florida.

 He attempted to burn everyone to death.

 Kenzou drugged every follower and set the building on fire.

 All the believers b*rned to death, but the founder survived.

 Strangely enough,

 it so happened that a part of the wall collapsed on him,

 protecting him from the smoke and fire.

 He was barely alive when he was rescued.

 There's no doubt he intended to die.

 What am I trying to say?

 Who knows.

 I can't say for myself.

 Either way, Kenzou alone survived.

 He cannot leave this prison, but he wasn't put to death, either.

 These are the facts surrounding this man.

 I don't know what you are, but I can tell your strongest power.

 The secrets to your strength, yes.

 I can clearly sense something else other than blood

 running through your veins.

 Is that your Stand?

 Or are you an entirely different being?

 Those things do not change your weakness.

 Your weak points and body structure

 are the same as any other human, including the blood flowing within you.

 Do you want to drown again?

 This time, you will not survive.

 Southwest,  degrees,  minutes.

 He made something appear in his hands again.

 What is that?

 And what is his weird footwork for?

 Let's see the direction of your dragon.

 F.F., it's behind you!

 Wrong.

 It's useless, so stop attacking me!

 STAND NAME: DRAKE'S DREAM STAND MASTER: KENZOU

 Wrong.

 It's useless. So stop attacking me.

 I said, your enemy is the geezer!

 You don't listen, do you?

 I don't pick sides.

 Your att*cks will only pass through me.

 Face forward! You better watch out.

 The geezer's coming for you!

 I have no right to butt in.

 Mind you, the geezer.

 The geezer is your enemy.

 This dragon!

 Is this dragon's ability allowing Kenzou to dodge my b*ll*ts?

 And here he comes.

 This speed…

 Those don't seem like punches from a -year-old.

 Now I can enter the dragon.

 What's going on?

 What did he do to his own arm?

 His arm flew behind F.F.'s head!

 That was close.

 But they blocked his att*ck in their own weird way.

 His arm disappeared the moment he touched that dragon Stand.

 Does it conceal the direction of his next strike?

 What is that dragon-like thing?

 Does your arm fly off when you touch that dragon?

 You still punch like an old geezer, though.

 Wrong, F.F.

 I can already see what will happen.

 But no one else can predict it.

 Don't say unnecessary things! Stop your yapping.

 You are supposed to stay neutral!

 You're keeping it to yourself, that's not fair!

 Just tell them!

 You opened your mouth.

 F.F.!

 Was that a coincidence just now?

 That prisoner's glasses flew up and stabbed F.F's face!

 Unlucky direction.

 I'm starting to understand it.

 He's using feng shui.

 There is a principle called feng shui in East Asia.

 Kenzou's footsteps pointing to cardinal directions indicate it.

 As if predetermined, he advances his att*cks from one direction.

 Furthermore, the Stand in his hands…

 Kenzou uses that dragon-like Stand to choose his direction of att*ck.

 Feng shui?

 What's that?

 Direction of att*ck?

 Feng shui.

 It's a divination method much like tarot card reading and astrology,

 except it's not fortune-telling.

 According to Eastern philosophy,

 there are natural forms of energy such as wind energy and water energy

 flowing through mountains and valleys.

 The flow of such energy is used to guide one's life.

 For example, feng shui is used

 to determine the luck found in an area, house, and even a room.

 If the land or house faces an unlucky direction,

 it is said to affect the wealth, health, and fortune of those who live there.

 In times of w*r,

 an enemy castle's feng shui was read to decide which direction to att*ck from

 in order to make the enemy fall.

 On the other hand,

 temples were built at castles' unlucky directions

 to counteract bad fortune.

 This provided further protection to strongholds.

 Not only that, but feng shui's philosophy is even applied to human anatomy.

 There's such thing as assassination feng shui.

 You can use feng shui to determine

 the luckiest direction of att*ck against a human.

 Then, no matter how the opponent tries to block the advances,

 it is possible to approach the target without letting them in on the offensive.

 Thus, making the assassination easy.

 In other words, the unlucky orientation.

 Kenzou's Stand must rely on this principle.

 F.F. must fight against the direction of worst luck.

 That dragon Stand points to the best direction for a k*lling blow.

 When that geezer's att*ck overlaps with the dragon's location,

 F.F.'s fate is sealed.

 Who would've thought that Kenzou has mastered assassination feng shui

 during his  years in prison,

 manifesting it as his Stand ability!

 Feng shui shows the direction he should take.

 The same concept applies for defending.

 F.F. missed every sh*t.

 That was the reason!

 It's because feng shui worked in his favor and protected him.

 Is that right?

 Undoubtedly.

 When he has the dragon in his hands, he can read his safest direction.

 After moving to that area, he then prepares to strike.

 The dragon points to the orientation best for k*lling.

 F.F.!

 It wasn't a coincidence that the glasses hit you!

 Don't let Kenzou move toward the dragon!

 I don't really understand it,

 but you must not let Kenzou touch the dragon!

 Look at that, Drake's Dream!

 They figured out my trick because of your blabbering!

 Shut up, old freak.

 I'm not your henchman!

 Feng shui should be open to anyone.

 But it's true that the old geezer benefits most from me.

 F.F., this area is your worst luck.

 Just above your left ear.

 This area is the worst weak point for you.

 Your lucky color is yellow, and pictures of goldfish bring you luck.

 If you have any, that is.

 F.F., he's behind you!

 So you'll chop me, will you?

 I don't even need to position myself in the dragon's orientation.

 His defensive stance is also an att*ck.

 Must be derived from tai chi.

 Your mouth is mine!

 Another instance where the defensive stance is also an att*ck.

 You wench!

 Using the dragon's orientation seems to be the surest path to victory.

 I made your hand overlap with the dragon!

 It works the same as if I att*ck.

 Your own arm will now hurt you!

 My att*ck overlapped with your orientation of death!

 Bastard, what did you just do to me?

 What did you do with my arm just now?

 I just said it's the orientation for worst luck.

 That's the power of orientation for you.

 I can't predict what happens next, and if I were you,

 I'd try to reduce the damage to a minimum.

 F.F., get away from there!

 The meteorites destroyed the supports! The fan will fall on you!

 Oh, the fan isn't your thr*at.

 The boomerang is.

 F.F.!
Is there anything you can do for us?

 All right. Okay.

 I can go defend her.

 Jolyne Cujoh, that is.

 I'll take care of this geezer!

 Southeast,  degrees,  minutes and  seconds.

 This time, you will not survive.

 Face southwest,  degrees,  minutes.

 F.F., it's behind you!

 I said, your enemy is the geezer!

 His arm flew behind F.F's head!

 Was that a coincidence just now?

 That prisoner's glasses flew up and stabbed F.F.'s face!

 Unlucky direction.

 I'm starting to understand it.

 He's using feng shui.

 There is a principle called feng shui in East Asia.

 Kenzou uses that dragon-like Stand to choose his direction of att*ck.

 F.F., this area is your worst luck.

 Just above your left ear.

 My att*ck overlapped with your orientation of death!

 F.F.!

 No… this is seriously bad.

 Stop.

 You cannot save them.

 The direction of our worst luck exists for you and me as well.

 And once it's decided, no living being can escape it.

 It was proven to us just now.

 Their next target

 will be you.

 No.

 I'm not talking about their head getting chopped in half.

 I'd rather that their head bleed profusely.

 It's worse that they're barely bleeding at all.

 All the damage has depleted the water levels in their body.

 The plankton in their body are starting to die off!

 I'm glad it's not gushing out.

 But that was the unluckiest direction, without a doubt.

 EPISODE : ENTER THE F.F.

 What? Return to me, dragon!

 That almost finished you off, geezer!

 Never…

 Never again!

 Never will I set my foot off of the direction of safety!

 sh*t, he escaped to a safe area.

 But…

 I'm starting to understand the orientations,

 and ways around it!

 A mirror… I need to make a mirror!

 If only there was a mirror midair, then I can reflect that dragon on it.

 I can trick Kenzou into stepping towards a fake direction of safety.

 Then, I'd have a chance to b*at him down.

 But first, I must have water.

 I can make a mirror out of water.

 I need water to heal from all the damage too,

 but right now, I need to replenish on water to create a mirror midair!

 In the past, over , believers

 followed my teachings and walked in my steps.

 But ever since I came to this prison, my life has changed.

 I'm mocked.

 Everyone mocks me and laughs at me.

 Even a pedophile who kidnapped children ridiculed me.

 Forty years…

 I've suffered this for  years!

 I was once respected!

 Forty years ago, I basked in glory!

 And those days will come again.

 The feng shui which saved me from the ravaging fire

 has now taken form as my Stand!

 I will reign as Founder once again!

 Though I may fail to break out of here, fervent followers will return to me!

 After I finish you off, that is!

 Now, meet your end!

 Drake's Dream!

 Reveal to me the direction of the finishing blow!

 F.F., just beyond the stairs!

 There's a fire hose!

 Hey, you.

 Don't just stand there and explain things. Go help F.F.!

 You have a Stand, don't you?

 Fight with F.F. to finish off that geezer!

 Only if F.F. dies.

 My terms do not include helping F.F.

 Our deal only extends to saving you.

 Besides, F.F. themself said they don't want any help.

 When they saw your injuries,

 F.F. directed me to protect you from the enemies in this Disciplinary Wing.

 Where is it?

 How do I make water come out?

 Where is the valve?

 Don't come here. This area contains your worst luck yet.

 Guard against it at all costs.

 Or else, you will be dealt a decisive and fatal blow.

 You don't have time to drink water!

 Of their own volition?

 F.F., what the hell are you doing?

 The att*ck against you has been decided!

 What are you thinking?

 F.F. must have water above anything else.

 Even in the way of a decided att*ck

 or the zone of worst luck.

 They got rid of their arms on purpose so that they could fit into that hose.

 They did it! They finally have water--

 That's your own arm.

 Here comes the assassination feng shui.

 Looks like you desperately wanted water,

 but you will never be at an advantage from now on.

 My att*ck will only bring you the worst luck.

 Such is the assassination feng shui, Drake's Dream!

 That's what it means to have your fate sealed!

 They couldn't reach water. They didn't even touch it!

 What happens now?

 Underneath this Disciplinary Wing is the execution room.

 The State of Florida permits the death penalty.

 Two or three prisoners a year

 are ex*cuted on a ,-volt electric chair.

 D-damn…

 I was so close to touching the water.

 But I did bust the pipe.

 I need to reach the water upstairs somehow.

 At this rate, I'll…

 Plankton like them would perish in an instant.

 sh*t!

 This chair, it can't be!

 What? Don't tell me it's already on!

 Does that sound mean the electricity is ready to run?

 Bullshit!

 I won't let it run!

 Let's see what kind of an end you'll meet with my att*cks.

 Anyone can predict the outcome of this situation at this point.

 Before it turns on,

 I will get the drops of water dripping from the ceiling!

 Looks like your place on that chair was already decided by fate.

 Take this!

 Behold, you will never obtain water.

 And that was right on time.

 You will now meet your end!

 STAND NAME: F.F. STAND MASTER: F.F.

 F.F.!

 The absolute orientation of att*ck and flawless direction of defense.

 Assassination feng shui.

 It took  years, but I can now say I have mastered it.

 The Founder reigns again!

 With this, I'll go down in history as a Buddha equal to Shakyamuni!

 You know I'm supposed to stay neutral.

 I'm in no position to tell you this, geezer.

 But F.F. finally got the water they wanted.

 If it weren't for your kick, they wouldn't have had any.

 You ran a little too much, you -year-old man.

 You can't help but sweat when they had you running all over the place.

 And your perspiration became the water they needed.

 F.F. made a mirror out of your sweat.

 With enough sweat to fill a third of a cup,

 they can form a floating mirror.

 What I'm saying is that you're seeing my reflection.

 So you are by no means standing in the orientation of safety.

 It's a draw.

 The only chance at defeating assassination feng shui

 is a draw.

 They have braced themself for this moment.

 That's right, take this.

 I'll share this unluckiest fate with you!

 The direction of safety…

 F.F.…

 It's over.

 On to the next.

 You wanted to look for the bone, right? We must start thinking ahead.

 At the least, you won't fall victim to Kenzou's assassination feng shui now.

 It was indeed a formidable Stand.

 F.F.!

 Inconceivable.

 Jolyne Cujoh, what are you doing?

 Your body has suffered more damage than you realize!

 The colony of plankton inside F.F.'s body

 has already been wiped out by , volts of electricity.

 You know better than anyone else!

 B-But the dragon…

 The dragon is still here!

 They must have let go of him a moment too early.

 Or it could be that plankton

 are more susceptible to electricity than humans.

 Kenzou is still alive!

 Wait! You cannot manifest your Stand with that body!

 Has revenge driven you mad?

 I won't let him stay alive like this.

 Stone Ocean!

 You cannot hit me.

 I will finish you and reign as the Founder once again!

 I see it now.

 So that's the direction of safety.

 So I see.

 You were after Kenzou's direction of safety.

 Once you identified

 the direction impervious from every att*ck,

 then F.F., who scattered along with the mirror, should be safe in this spot.

 The plankton there should've been safe from the , volts.

 You att*cked him to find this exact spot.

 F.F. survived.

 Good grief.

 How could this be?

 Jolyne!

 You think you've won now, do you?

 You think you have defeated me?

 Jolyne Cujoh.

 There is no change in my plans to defeat you.

 You haven't noticed, now have you?

 You have already…

 stepped inside my assassination feng shui's direction!

 My thread is inside the dragon!

 The att*ck is absolute!

 Your worst luck has now been decided!

 It doesn't matter how I choose to att*ck, because your defeat is already decided!

 I won!

 Now, kneel before me!

 The Founder's reign cannot be altered!

 What? Hey…

 I dealt a blow, didn't I, Drake's Dream?

 Assassination feng shui is absolute.

 My deadly kick should have defeated Jolyne, isn't that right?

 Yeah, she couldn't dodge your deadly blow.

 Then how is Jolyne unscathed,

 while I'm clinging to this fence?

 What?

 Dragon, show me the direction of safety…

 Come now, dragon, why are you moving away?

 Tell me the direction of safety! Why won't you come closer?

 I want to ask that myself.

 You are the one getting farther away.

 You let go of that railing, and now you are falling down.

 Why are you just blabbering?

 I said, tell me the direction!

 I told you, you are the one getting farther away.

 Geezer, look at your own legs.

 Something is really wrong with it.

 There's something off about them.

 You could have gotten att*cked when you kicked Jolyne.

 Oh, that's…

 What the hell? That's not her thread Stand!

 What is that Stand emerging out of Jolyne Cujoh's body?

 Diver Drive.

 I submerged it into her body.

 Though the att*ck on Jolyne was decided,

 it protected her precisely at the moment of your blow.

 What the hell?

 This man who came with F.F.,

 Anastasia.

 He put his own Stand into my body

 and destroyed Kenzou's legs in an instant.

 His bones and muscles were entirely disassembled.

 They were then rearranged into this spring-like shape.

 It is now a suspension made of meat and bones.

 However, Kenzou is not feeling any pain.

 But I don't feel pain either,

 thanks to that Stand that manipulated the guards into fighting.

 But…

 Even my hips!

 I need the direction of safety, dragon!

 I can't reach it!

 I'm coming your way!

 Is he really an ally?

 He's capable of dealing such terrible damage.

 Just who is this man?

 That's it. I love that.

 Yes, I want you to gaze at me more.

 Look at me with those eyes.

 The direction of safety is northeast and your lucky color is cerulean blue.

 But you know… I think you're done for.

 You sure aged a ton in a fight that lasted a few minutes.

 KENZOU ( YEARS OLD) STAND NAME: DRAKE'S DREAM

 BEYOND RECOVERY

 Are you okay, Jolyne?

 Yes… The pain is hitting me all of a sudden.

 But I have to find the bone and the small man who picked it up.

 Wait just a moment.

 I can fill your wounds.

 Hurry.

 I have to get it back soon.

 My father's disc.
He is currently in a sleep state.

 He wakes up sitting up cross-legged,

 stays awake for a few hours, then falls asleep for another  hours.

 It's all understandable.

 His entire memory is gone, after all.

 How is he retaining new information since getting resuscitated?

 It's normal.

 He has learned about  English words so far.

 However, he does not comprehend his identity.

 Even his family…

 He doesn't show any response, even to his daughter's photos.

 His brain waves and EKG are within normal parameters.

 But his muscle mass has decreased.

 With all his memories gone, he does not feel any reason to live,

 causing the body to rapidly atrophy.

 What can we do, Doctor?

 I cannot say.

 His only chance of recovery might be retrieving his memory.

 Doctor, do not touch his head!

 He got hurt!

 We must treat him!

 I'm sorry, Doctor. I forgot to warn you.

 Did he use his Stand just now?

 He did. However, that wasn't from his consciousness.

 It was just his instinctive bodily reflex to defend.

 "Jo… Lyne."

 "Jolyne"?

 No… that's not possible.

 I've always…

 I've always cared about you.

 Something's going on with your cut.

 It was fixed. I know I just filled it in.

 It looks like some sort of writing, doesn't it?

 Should I try to fill it again?

 Wait.

 Don't fill this one.

 I can't explain it, but…

 I just know it.

 This is a message from my father.

 He's had so much to protect even before I was born.

 He was always away to keep dangers like the one I'm in now

 away from me and Mom.

 I felt it, just now.

  My body tells me that I understand my father now.

 EPISODE : BIRTH OF THE "GREEN"

 -Hey F.F. -What?

 Can you trip Jolyne down the stairs?

 Just a little bit will do.

 Why would I do that?

 I said, try to trip her.

 We won't let her get hurt, of course.

 I want to catch her from falling with my own arms.

 What?

 Jolyne doesn't seem like she understood that I saved her.

 I want to embrace her tightly one more time.

 Now, get to it.

 -Trip her. -Why don't you do it?

 That's sexual harassment.

 I already told you. I'm going to marry Jolyne.

 And you promised to cooperate. Or do you not keep your word?

 Now, go do it.

 I'm sorry, Jolyne.

 The small man!

 He's right here!

 He was spying on us from above!

 Look! He has the bone in his hand!

 This f*ck sure moves in a funny way, but he won't get away!

 Hold it!

 Do you see his back contorting?

 You called him a small man.

 It's true he fit the description earlier.

 -But something strange is happening… -Sunbathing…

 Isn't he growing taller?

 He's as tall as me, no, he's taller than me now.

 You have nowhere to run.

 Turn around slowly.

 The sunlight is nice and warm.

 Light is good.

 I said turn around, you little sh*t!

 Bleh…

 Bleh.

 What the f*ck is with him?

 Light, bleh, warm.

 We are happy… as we gather around…

 and it's warm.

 Bleh.

 What was that?

 Did you see that stuff splatter? He could be a Stand User!

 Keep your distance.

 It doesn't seem to be a Stand.

 I don't know what it is, but we mustn't touch him.

 Where's the bone?

 The bone he had earlier. Where is it now?

 What the…

 The other prisoners have already fallen prey.

 Those look like plants. They're still growing.

 What happened to them, and who did this?

 What is the meaning of this?

 Should I assume that it's a Stand ability?

 This bone,

 along with the power and some sort of will that sprouted these plants…

 It's as if they are trying to give birth to something.

 It bloomed the flowers first, then the plants matured.

 They grew out at the end of the person's life.

 Now, what to do with this bone that the man dropped…

 Merely touching this bone or anyone who grabbed it

 can be dangerous, after all.

 Don't take another step, Jolyne Cujoh!

 Stop right there!

 Show me your face.

 Turn around.

 -What? -It's nothing.

 I want to take a moment to check something.

 What the hell is wrong with you?

 Let go of her, assh*le!

 F.F., you stay silent.

 The bone transformed the prisoners in the Disciplinary Wing into that state.

 It can't be an enemy Stand,

 since that would have targeted us from the start.

 And if I'm not mistaken, Jolyne,

 I think I saw your thread touching that bone when it was still in his grasp.

 The bone! It's rolling away!

 She's infected!

 Jolyne!

 But how?

 Diver Drive!

 Yes!

 Weed them all out from the inside, quick!

 There's more!

 Why did you stop?

 I wouldn't exactly say they're growing out of her or that they need to be rooted out.

 Rather, her body itself is transforming into plants.

 Is it safe to pull them out?

 Jolyne, does it hurt?

 No.

 I guess I did touch that bone.

 Anyway, you should stay away from me now that I'm infected.

 It might spread to you.

 These are just plants, nothing more, nothing less.

 I can't tell what species they are,

 but its stems are filled with chlorophyll, not blood.

 Either way, I'll take care of it. I promise.

 The sunlight!

 Get in the shade.

 If you touch sunlight or move toward the light,

 the plants will grow rapidly.

 Step farther into the shade, and the plants recede.

 Damn, what does it want?

 I can't say, but I still need to get that bone.

 And just how will you do that?

 If you hold the bone, you'll turn into a plant, Jolyne!

 I will pick it up.

 I'm already becoming a plant.

 Don't go where the sunlight touches, Jolyne!

 The bone… Where is it?

 Where can it be?

 I thought I saw it rolling towards this flower.

 A star shape?

 What is this bruise-like mark?

 It's see-through. There's something else underneath.

 A child…

 It's a green child!

 STAND NAME: YA-YA MA STAND MASTER: D AN' G

 What is it shaped like?

 Carrots that look like Snoopy, breast-shaped radishes, and other shapes

 are found all the time during harvests.

 This is just like those.

 It really just resembles a child.

 It's alive! Impossible!

 Jolyne, forget about it and come back!

 Haven't you noticed?

 Your legs are turning too. They are attaching to the vines!

 What is this thing? Is it a plant, or is it a human?

 It turned the prisoners in the Disciplinary Wing into plants,

 joined their roots, and became a fruit!

 The bone must have gotten implanted inside this fruit.

 Pale Snake is at this prison to discover what lies beyond this point.

 What will it spawn?

 He wants to know what transpires when it is born.

 I told you to come back, Jolyne.

 The sun is moving westward, causing more sunlight to enter.

 You must move further back.

 Are you taking that with you?

 We call this seizing by force, F.F.

 I will not let Pale Snake have it.

 Come, Jolyne.

 We must move opposite the sun's direction.

 Anastasia.

 This wing's entrance is to the west.

 We'll never leave this shitty place if we go east.

 There's at least one other Stand User somewhere in this wing.

 Escape, huh.

 Help me, please.

 Someone help!

 Please!

 After everyone drowned, they turned into plants and d*ed! How horrible!

 I'm begging you!

 I don't want to turn into a plant! Please, get me out of here!

 Fine.

 What's your name? Are you hurt?

 What are you saying, Anastasia? He could be our enemy.

 Are they right? Are you against us?

 I don't know what you are talking about.

 My name is Guccio.

 I just don't want to turn into a plant!

 Calm down. I said it's fine.

 Stand up, Guccio. Surely you can do that much.

 Now hurry it up.

 Do you know this?

 A human has  pairs of ribs, or  bones in total.

 Whether a man or a woman, tall or short, we all have the same number of ribs.

 Good. Now go.

 I guess he wasn't our enemy after all.

 I couldn't care less either way.

 I'm only interested

 in safely leaving through the east side of this building.

 Isn't that right?

 The keyword is "safely."

 Let's leave from there.

 A green child…

 I wasn't told about any of this,

 but my job is simple.

 Finish off Jolyne Cujoh. Just that, and nothing more.

 I will merely complete my assignment.

 Where are they?

 Where did Jolyne Cujoh and her two allies go?

 Have they already left the building?

 No, they cannot leave without me knowing.

 Hey you, what are you doing there?

 Hey, I'm talking to you.

 Where did those three go?

 And how did you manage to avoid becoming a plant?

 Walk… outside…

 -Save me… -How terrible.

 Someone restructured his body into a human trap!

 f*ck, it hurts!

 Mommy, it hurts!

 I don't want this shitty arm anymore!

 I got screwed.

 I'm only here because Pale Snake ordered me

 to cause a fight in here with my Survivor Stand.

 But forget that now.

 I'm finally outside now.

 GUCCIO STAND NAME: SURVIVOR - BEYOND RECOVERY

 Anyway, it looks like we got away from the other Stand User.

 The plants withered away. I guess it was a temporary bloom.

 The problem is that it's about time for someone from the prison

 to realize the abnormalities going on in the Disciplinary Wing.

 That works in our favor.

 Once that happens, then Pale Snake will realize it too.

 He will appear close to us.

 This is the best chance yet of getting my father's disc back.

 Jolyne, watch out!

 Stone Ocean!

 It's an enemy Stand!

 He must belong to that gladiator-looking man!

 He swallowed the fruit!

 I won't let them have it!

 assh*le!

 Diver Drive!

 What is up with his body?

 He stinks… really bad!

 Go deeper, please!

 -sh*t, my Stand can't enter it! -Punish me more, please!

 I can feel it through my Stand!

 My body's starting to stink from the inside!

 Those shoes of yours.

 Did my bodily liquid dirty them? I am very sorry.

 Now please, come sit on this chair.

 Let me lick your shoes clean.

 Would you like this comic book? I lifted it from the guards' break room.

 Careful, there's a bee.

 My master is named D an' G.

 The last I saw of him, he was in the Disciplinary Wing.

 His right arm got ripped off and he was crying for his mommy.

 It's a remotely controlled Stand!

 He wants to take the fruit to his User!

 sh*t, they've noticed. The guards are coming!

 Jolyne, we must leave for now.

 Let's go toward the wetlands.

 There must be a water bike or a boat somewhere close.

 This is how to tell wild strawberries apart.

 The ones with yellow flowers are mock strawberries, so don't eat them.

 Shut your annoying trap.

 We can't leave this Stand alone.

 We need to find a way to get that green child out of its belly.

 I know that.

 F.F., we have no choice but to take it.

 We'll leave you to find its User and finish him off.

 Got it.

 Oh, you want me to go with you, Master.

 This boat here is built specifically for the wetlands, Master.

 It has a propeller engine, and it uses wind to propel forward.

 sh*t, how do I start the ignition?

 Is there a lock somewhere?

 It's a throttle lever, Master.

 Usually, it must be put in neutral first, like this.

 This stick is for steering.

 Push it forward to turn the empennage to the right,

 and pull the stick back to turn it to the left.

 -Release the tether. -Yes, Master.

 Jolyne, do not take your eyes off that Stand.

 While it's in your sight, it'll act like an obedient servant.

 Though creepy, it will prove useful to you.

 But turn your back on it for a second, and…

 f*ck…

 Who would have thought that was an att*ck?

 Jolyne, Anastasia…

 Don't let it out of your sight!
Do not chase the bone. Leave it be.

 Let his bone wander about freely.

 Then, I will combine it with Jotaro Kujo's memory.

 I will learn the truth!

 The bone must have gotten implanted inside this green fruit.

 Pale Snake is at this prison to discover what lies beyond this point.

 What will it spawn?

 He wants to know what transpires when it is born.

 We'll leave you to find its User

 and finish him off.

 f*ck…

 Who would have thought that was an att*ck?

 His bodily fluids… He used his spit

 to destroy my mouth before I realized it.

 He att*cked me slowly, little by little.

 What should I do?

 Should I go after Jolyne's boat?

 No.

 I will stick to my mission

 and go finish off that Stand's User.

 This is the most definite way.

 EPISODE : F.F. - THE WITNESS

 Hey you.

 Head toward that island.

 Why are we stopping at this hidden place?

 Hey, turn off the engine. Don't make a sound.

 Don't you hear that?

 I said hurry up and turn off the engine, idiot!

 Emergency in the Disciplinary Wing area.

 The entire facility is on Level  security.

 Stay on high alert!

 That's a .mm M heavy machine g*n.

 Its range is , to , meters.

 A mere graze from that b*llet would blow our limbs off.

 This old boat would be sh*t into pieces.

 Hey, shut up.

 You're shaking the boat.

 Stay away from the steering!

 Stay calm.

 If they had spotted us, we would've been sh*t at.

 Ten o'clock.

 There was an unusual splashing by the bushes.

 Maybe a fish or an alligator?

 They're coming. We should leave!

 Grab the leaves like this, master.

 I told you to be quiet, dimwit!

 No. I'm folding these leaves in half.

 Here, let's weave it and rest it here.

 Stick them here like this.

 And now, let's paint your face.

 Excellent.

 Good, now let's get your face ready.

 Emergency report!

 All guards, return to the Disciplinary Wing!

 I repeat, everyone back to their posts!

 Turn back?

 I'm not sure what's happening, but it sounds pretty serious.

 Let's head back.

 Where the hell did these guys come from?

 Damn! Turn the engine on, hurry up!

 It won't start in time!

 We'll get sh*t before it gets going!

 You there! What have you done at the Disciplinary Wing?

 Listen! Do not move!

 Put your hands on the floor! Stay down!

 I said don't move, bastard!

 Hit the ground, now!

 -Our boat! -We can take their boat.

 And you're doing it for us.

 What just hit us?

 I'm taking this boat.

 I'm sure you don't mind. Don't get eaten by alligators on your way back.

 Diver Drive!

 Jolyne, are the plants still growing inside you?

 Let's continue heading east. The sun is still going down.

 So mean, tossing me around like I was a sack…

 Oh, well.

 Hey Jolyne, I'm sorry, but can you stop whistling?

 We might hear the guards' boats again.

 WHAT ARE YOU SAYING, ANASTASIA?

 ANASTASIA! HEY, CAN YOU HEAR ME?

 I can't speak!

 ANASTASIA! MY VOICE! IT'S NOT COMING OUT!

 ANASTASIA!

 This Stand…

 He's here to do more than just run off with the green child!

 He was slowly attacking us!

 What's the matter?

 You are breathing hard.

 I feel the same way, Jolyne.

 Can you feel my heart pounding?

 You are suddenly getting close to me.

 Do you finally understand how I feel for you?

 Not my eyes, my tongue!

 Are you at a loss for words?

 I know how you feel.

 But there's no need for words between us.

 I feel the same about you.

 You're dying to kiss me, right?

 You want a deep kiss already?

 When, and how did he att*ck us? I didn't notice at all.

 I have to keep him in my sights!

 Jolyne…

 Well, which is it?

 Do you want to kiss, or not?

 I know, is this a kink?

 Like, you are particular about your kissing angle…

 An auto-tracking Stand.

 It follows our orders like a sl*ve and acts docile like a servant.

 It pretends to be harmless.

 But that's his method.

 It's a Stand that strikes

 when its prey lets their guard down!

 At this rate, we're both toast.

 Bring it on.

 Try to att*ck me.

 I must make Anastasia see what's happening.

 YA-YA MA.

 That's my name.

 YA-YA MA.

 Let me show you how to tan frog hide. Look here.

 Rub this mixture made of fat and brains all creamy and thick

 on the back of the frog skin.

 This smoothes the hide.

 If you want, I can go get ten more

 and tailor up the coolest super mini-skirt using their hide.

 It'll make your legs look ultra-long and slim, and your hips will look wide!

 Jolyne, what is the matter? Seriously.

 If a trigger is necessary,

 there must be a trigger to his att*cks!

 And if they're a*t*matic, then…

 This is what I was waiting for.

 I covered my skin with my threads and waited for something to touch it.

 His att*cks set off automatically when we turn away.

 That's his ability.

 And now, I know how he att*cks.

 He uses mosquitoes!

 Jolyne, what's going on?

 Jolyne!

 Was I wrong? Does he not use mosquitoes?

 Or is he attacking in other ways too?

 BE ALL EYES DON'T EVER LOOK AWAY

 You…

 Bastard!

 Master, you want me to keep driving this boat?

 Or do you want to fight me one-on-one?

 Or will you escape--

 I was wrong. He doesn't use mosquitoes.

 He att*cks in other ways.

 Yes, give me more!

 He att*cks in a way that can't be seen by the naked eye!

 Run!

 I do believe this is your last chance to escape.

 I hope you are prepared.

 Prepared to regret ever being born in this world.

 STAND NAME: DIVER DRIVE STAND MASTER: NARCISO ANASTASIA

 Go to the back of the boat, at the corner of the port!

 Take out everything you're hiding.

 Spread them out by my feet. Now, show them to me!

 Two rhino beetles, a microphone for singing,

 low-calorie sugar packs, and three frogs.

 One raw frog hide, a bundle of broccoli,

 four mock strawberries, and two used matchsticks.

 No, his belongings are irrelevant.

 We are upwind of him, yet he is able to att*ck us.

 An auto-tracking Stand… Your target is set, is that right?

 Yes sir, my target is absolutely locked on

 to Jolyne Cujoh since the very first time I touched her.

 Your User commanded you to target her.

 You won't try to escape until you've finished her off.

 YA-YA MA.

 And if you want to be by her side, master,

 I will finish you off along with Jolyne.

 Could he be using his spit to att*ck?

 YA-YA MA.

 You still don't get it, do you?

 You can't destroy or stop me, ever.

 The only way to survive

 was to run away from me.

 This boat… Should I stop it?

 This splattering water…

 If the spit he uses to att*ck

 has already permeated the wetland waters, then…

 Now, stand and go to the driver's seat.

 Crank up the speed.

 Now get up.

 No, you'll make things worse.

 If you speed up the boat, the water will splash everywhere.

 Yes, if that's what you want, master.

 Ribbit!

 Jolyne, he stopped attacking although the boat's speed hadn't changed.

 YA-YA MA.

 Something's not right…

 Birds! Hide!

 Diver Drive.

 I don't care how he att*cks.

 Since he is a perfect auto-tracking Stand,

 I buried a frog in his head

 and connected its brain to his tracking sensors.

 Try to track us as a frog as long as you exist!

 Wait… what was I going to do?

 I am an auto-tracking Stand.

 My mission is to defeat Jolyne Cujoh and return with the green child.

 Oh, dear.

 I have no time to be bumming around!

 I have to spatter my spit to att*ck Anastasia!

 I'll create a static charge by causing friction

 between the plastic and the propellers.

 That'll make my spit fly everywhere!

 He'll never figure it out!

 Oh, but those birds are so scary!

 Hide!

 Ew, I peed myself like those frogs do!

 Woah, what a cutie! Look at those curves!

 Let me ride you, darling!

 Oh, a rhino beetle!

 He won't bother us anymore.

 We need F.F.'s help to heal the wounds.

 All we need to do

 is wait for F.F. to finish D an' G off and meet up with us.

 What the hell happened to the Disciplinary Wing?

 Where are the guards and the prisoners?

 We've only been gone for around ten minutes!

 Where did these plants even come from?

 How do we explain this?

 What is that prisoner's condition?

 Is he able to talk?

 Prisoner ME, D an' G.

 He is in critical condition. His right arm almost got ripped off.

 We can't question him.

 I'll blow his head off for setting loose a Stand that's creepy as hell.

 That man, isn't he the prison's priest, Father Pucchi?

 What is a priest doing here?

 sh*t, forget about him for now.

 What's more important is the definite death of D an' G.

 Three hundred fifty-nine.

 Three hundred sixty-seven.

 Three hundred seventy-three.

 Three hundred seventy-nine.

 Three hundred eighty-three. Three hundred eighty-nine.

 Three hundred ninety-seven.

 And now, the four hundreds.

 First, four hundred one.

 Then, four hundred nine.

 D an' G is gravely injured, meaning…

 I must conclude that Jolyne Cujoh is still alive.

 And the plethora of withered plants…

 I take it that Dio's bone caused this.

 Dio's bone is using the prisoners' bodies

 to accomplish something outside of my imagination.

 Splendid.

 This is wonderful.

 So it has finally g*n.

 I've been waiting for this moment for  years.

 What D an' G witnessed here…

 I must ask him what he saw, in person!

 Isn't that right, Survivor's Guccio? It seems you didn't see what happened,

 but the plants must have set something in motion.

 Doesn't this call for a celebration?

 It will be in my hands soon.

 What is true happiness?

 I will attain heaven.

 Sing praises. The thing that will be born is heaven itself.

 The curtains to the new world have risen.

 Splendid…

 Yes, praise this moment!

 Handel's "Messiah" is a true masterpiece!

 How befitting…

 It's as if the music exudes light.

 It is said that Handel led this piece even the day before his own death!

 All right, leave D an' G to the medics.

 Question him after his treatment.

 We must search for the other prisoners and guards.

 -Now, go. -Yes, sir.

 No, I will question him before he is treated.

 I must not let what was conceived get lost!

 Good. Now, start the car.

 Yes, sir.

 That woman…

 That face underneath the hat!

 You're done now.

 Those who control auto-tracking Stands

 are defenseless when the tables turn on them.

 That's the risk you bear!

 It's F.F.!

 Why are they at this Disciplinary Wing?

 Since when? This is bad!

 They were after D an' G!

 He has a disc!

 Pale Snake is nearby!

 Where is he?

 Where did he throw the disc from?

 Four hundred seventy-nine.

 Four hundred eighty-seven.

 Four hundred ninety-one.

 Four hundred ninety-nine.

 No way…

 The one who threw it was…

 It can't be him!

 This is bad. It's very bad for me.

 You are able to att*ck D an 'G here and now

 because his Stand YA-YA MA is tracking Jolyne.

 Pale Snake's User is…

 This can't be!

 There are things I must learn from him.

 I cannot have him die yet.

 So the one who controls Pale Snake is…

 If that's true, then what?

 Which do you prioritize?

 Is it me?

 Or is it finishing D an' G?

 You are…

 Father Pucchi.

 You bastard!
You're done now.

 Those who control auto-tracking Stands…

 It's F.F.!

 Why are they at this Disciplinary Wing?

 He has a disc!

 Pale Snake is nearby!

 Where is he?

 No way…

 The one who threw it was…

 It can't be him!

 So the one who controls Pale Snake is…

 You are…

 Father Pucchi.

 F.F. feared one thing above all else.

 It wasn't the destruction of their body,

 but the elimination of their own intellect.

 I remember everything since the day I met Jolyne.

 The weird graffiti on prison phones,

 the lint-covered blankets on the bed, and the smell of garbage.

 The guard's shouts,

 the sounds of doors opening and closing, and the toilet flushing, even.

 Fooling around with Jolyne and the others and laughing together.

 I remember them all.

 But before I met Jolyne at the farm, though I lived there for years,

 all I can recall from that time are memories that are like a machine's.

 That's all.

 I followed orders without ever questioning why

 and spent the days guarding Pale Snake's discs.

 But now, I know

 that to live means to make memories.

 I fear losing them the most.

 Jolyne is on a mission to save her father

 and is willing to risk her life for the ones she cares about like Ermes.

 That's probably because she has good memories of them.

 That's what powers humans up.

 Memories give humans power to keep going at a cellular level.

 This is an understanding that I, F.F., lacked before meeting Jolyne.

 That's right.

 That is…

 That is what it means to be an intelligent being.

 Which do you prioritize?

 Is it me?

 Or is it finishing D an' G?

 You hesitated for a split second!

 That will cost you your life!

 I gave you intellect and a Stand.

 I am taking it back.

 When I think about Jolyne, I feel courage swelling up inside me.

 This is what memories do.

 This is… my intellect!

 What?

 No…

 Is F.F. planning to--

 Their bodily fluids entered his body!

 Impossible…

 Am I…

 Looks like F.F. did it.

 They must have k*lled its User.

 Where is the fruit?

 What the hell?

 Does this mean that it's born?

 Is this what Pale Snake wanted?

 What the hell is this thing?

 Why was it given life?

 Why does it exist here?

 Were the prisoners mutated just to give life to this thing?

 Now that it's born, my body is no longer mutating.

 It stopped turning into a plant.

 You must not let F.F. escape!

 Read the memory inside the disc!

 Tell me the whereabouts of the spawn of Dio's bone!

 Will I even last  seconds when I'm exposed like this?

 I need water.

 I need to tell Jolyne who Pale Snake really is!

 sh*t.

 I have to tell her that he's the prison's chaplain, Father Pucchi!

 Are you trying to reach the faucet at the entrance?

 Before you go, I have one question for you!

 You can't escape my Stand!

 There's one thing I want to ask, F.F.

 It's a very simple question.

 Did you see it?

 Did you see the thing born at the Disciplinary Wing?

 How did it look?

 Was it a plant?

 Was it beautiful?

 What is a priest doing at a prison like this?

 I hope you understand that I'm asking the questions here.

 I can easily extract your memory and read it to understand what was born.

 But I wanted to know how you felt.

 Things like it looked soft or that it was beautiful

 are your opinions, and can't be read from a memory disc.

 Are you worried that the spawn will escape?

 You're afraid of losing it.

 Is it able to move already?

 How the hell should I know?

 I'd be more worried about it getting destroyed.

 No, maybe it's already done.

 Jolyne is with that mean assh*le, after all.

 If she's compelled to, she'll finish it off.

 It's impossible to defeat it.

 That will never happen.

 No one can destroy it, that much I know well.

 My only concern is Jolyne causing trouble and losing it.

 Jotaro's memory alone is enough to control the birthed creature,

 and I have his memory.

 We are so close to the end.

 What is it shaped like?

 Did it grow faster than you expected?

 I thought it was gonna drown in water.

 And then, what else was there?

 Let's see…

 It's stalling for time! Turn around!

 I did it!

 My soul isn't in my head,

 it's over there.

 I have water now!

 I can go tell Jolyne everything!

 Your soul, you say?

 No matter where your intelligence lies, you're not the one making decisions here.

 I am the one who endowed you with a Stand ability.

 You filthy plankton!

 Don't you dare give me explanations, as if you know better than I do!

 My body! This water…

 What is streaming out of it?

 No, it can't be!

 It's steaming hot water.

 No aquatic organism on earth can dwell in water hotter than  degrees Celsius.

 A different Stand ability that turns water into hot water…

 …was inserted into this thing.

 Only I get to decide where your intellect lies.

 You are using your own ability to turn

 the water you touch into boiling hot water!

 Jolyne!

 STAND NAME: GREEN, GREEN, GREEN HOME STAND MASTER: THE GREEN BABY

 Where is it? Where did it fall?

 sh*t, don't tell me it drowned.

 No…

 Does it have a mind of its own?

 Since it's trying to escape?

 No…

 Instinct is its only drive.

 I don't know whether it's a plant or not, but I don't want it to go anywhere.

 I can't let Pale Snake have it.

 Jolyne!

 Wait, Jolyne!

 Don't move, look at the rock by your foot!

 Listen closely.

 Don't take another step.

 Turn around and look at me.

 When the pebble rolled over here, it turned into a rock.

 Meanwhile, Jolyne, you grew smaller.

 Stop! I said don't go near it!

 What just happened, Anastasia?

 Why did you grow shorter?

 -What's going on, Anastasia? -Stay calm, Jolyne.

 By the way, how big does that baby look to you?

 It hasn't changed. Its size is the same as before.

 Anastasia,

 it looks like you are the one who grew shorter to me.

 What's going on?

 The baby's size looks about average to me too.

 Only the pebble we kicked over got smaller.

 Jolyne, don't move.

 Stay right where you are.

 You're back to normal.

 Do you think that this is the baby's ability?

 The closer we get to the baby, the shorter we grow.

 I don't have a clue.

 That's a heavy line of questioning.

 Now listen, if we get halfway to the baby,

 my height shrinks by half.

 That means we have to walk twice as much.

 Okay.

 Furthermore, if we get a fourth of the way to the baby,

 then the distance grows by four times.

 At one-eighth, we walk eight times as much.

 /nd,

 /th,

 /th…

 Our body will keep shrinking,

 while the distance multiplies more and more.

 Here is the question.

 Will we ever reach that baby?

 I say no, not in an eternity.

 But in order to get my father's memory back,

 I have to get the baby.

 -Jolyne. -Anastasia, we'll think

 after we've done everything we can!

 It's her focus.

 The way Jolyne can fixate towards one goal.

 I'm here because I'm drawn to the way she focuses on one thing.

 The ability to concentrate enhances a person's beauty.

 Those eyes…

 In time, I'll have you gaze at me with that intense focus of yours.

 Stone Ocean!

 I'm about to reach it! I can catch it!

 It's no use, Jolyne. Pull your thread back!

 There is no way to reach the baby!

 I can't give up!

 There has to be an end.

 I mean, it's right there!

 What do you say to jumping off from here?

 If I do, I'll reach an end point.

 The ground is the finishing point.

 I have to land at some point!

 Stop, Jolyne! Don't--

 Yes! The ground is right there!

 I can almost reach it!

 What's happening?

 My string…

 What the hell is that?

 Don't tell me…

 Is this the baby's Stand?

 Damn, haven't I reached the ground yet?

 It hasn't only grown in size, but in power as well!

 Its power has multiplied!

 This Stand… It appeared just to drag me down,

 so I won't ever escape this never-ending fall!

 Stone Ocean!

 If this is the baby's ability,

 then catching the Stand is the same as catching the User!

 I'm shrinking!

 It's trying to reduce me to nothing!

 The end I thought I'd reach wasn't the ground.

 It was this Stand!

 Diver Drive.

 The closer you get to the baby, the smaller you get.

 Eventually, you will be reduced to nothing.

 I don't know why a baby with such a powerful Stand was born,

 but I know he will be an enemy someday.

 Jolyne, this baby is your enemy.

 But…

 if there's no way to defeat it,

 then I really can't let Pale Snake have it.

 Anastasia, hold on tight!

 It threw the rock!

 Does that mean…

 that it's thinking for itself?

 The baby is now deliberately using its ability!

 It's coming. Climb!

 We need to escape as fast as possible!

 Run!

 No matter how much we chase it, we will never reach that baby.

 But at least, we caught the Stand.

 Jolyne, do you still not see

 what we were climbing toward?

 It was a gamble.

 The baby is intelligent and curious.

 Earlier, it touched the bottle I threw.

 When the baby chooses to touch an object, its size stays the same.

 In other words, the bottle's size hasn't changed.

 If we can't catch the baby, we'll have the baby chase after us.

 We finally reached the bottle.

 The Stand is inside the bottle now.

 All we have to do now is trap it inside the bottle!

 But… how are we getting out of here?

 I'm having Diver Drive enter the bottle's wall.

 It's bringing the mouth to us. Let's go, Jolyne.

 Run for it!

 We finally caught it.

 We got its User, the baby too.

 It's changing its position.

 It's using the bottle to charge forward!

 Anastasia!

 Stone Ocean!

 Jolyne!

 You can't break the bottle.

 We'll be worse off if we have to face the Stand!

 Did the baby have this in mind when it rolled the bottle?

 sh*t, we're in deep trouble now!

 -Don't break the bottle! -But…

 At this rate, you're done for!

 Anastasia, look…

 What the hell?

 What's going on?

 Jolyne, looks like…

 it's interested in the star-shaped birthmark on your left shoulder.

 Since it touched you, we turned back to our original size.

 The baby has the same birthmark on its shoulder.

 What's going on?

 The baby acts like it has known Jolyne for a long time.

 Hey, it looks as if it likes me.

 What should I do?

 It likes her? No, that's not it.

 I have no doubt about it.

 He will turn against us.

 I can only sense endless darkness from this baby's ability.

 Yes, we may need this baby

 to retrieve your father's disc from Pale Snake,

 but I must k*ll it while I can.
Hey, Pucchi… Did you know?

 The average number of daily visitors at the Louvre, Paris in the spring

 is about ,.

 Since its doors opened in ,

 more than , people flock

 to view the Mona Lisa and the Venus de Milo every day.

 The visitors do not leave without seeing these two pieces.

 Isn't that incredible?

 Incredible? Do you mean the number of guests?

 That's not it.

 Some of the world's greatest painters and sculptors

 are able to express their souls in a form that can be seen by eyes.

 It's as if they create Stands that exist beyond time and place.

 Wouldn't you agree?

 It's an interesting thought.

 Does that make Leonardo Da Vinci and Alexandros of Antioch Stand Users?

 Yes, but I'm also talking about you.

 Your Pale Snake

 is able to extract and store souls by giving it form.

 Will you betray me one day?

 Why do you not att*ck me?

 You know that I would not survive in sunlight

 and that I lay to rest in the dark room during the day.

 All you have to do is finish me off while I sleep.

 If you turn my Stand, The World, into a disc and take it,

 you yourself could become king.

 So do it.

 That has never even crossed my mind.

 I like people who help me grow.

 You are the king among kings.

 I want to follow you and see what kind of end you will reach.

 I love you, in the same manner as men love their god.

 Sorry, that wasn't meant to insult you.

 It's that I've never considered

 that there was a man who could calm my soul just by us talking.

 I feared losing you.

 You will become a noble priest.

 Please, accept this.

 It is a symbol of my apology.

 I extracted it out of my body just now.

 No matter where you are, I will always be able to lend you my powers.

 EPISODE : TIME FOR HEAVEN! NEW MOON! NEW PRIEST!

 Jo…

 Jolyne!

 Pale Snake.

 Read Jolyne's whereabouts from that disc.

 Respond to me.

 What happened?

 Is that you there?

 Respond to me.

 Can you not hear me?

 Why is this transceiver here?

 Who is on the other end?

 Who?

 Who the hell is it?

 All right.

 I understand.

 The situation is that serious, huh?

 I just left the medical wing.

 Bastard!

 It's Weather Forecast!

 This rain…

 Where is the disc?

 This bastard!

 They had Weather Forecast summon rain!

 You won't escape me!

 Damn this rain!

 I can't see anything… where did they go?

 And it's foggy.

 Where is this sound of hitting rocks coming from?

 I think it's Morse Code?

 Make the fog thicker…

 They're after me.

 Pale Snake's User is Father Pucchi!

 He knows.

 He knows who I am!

 Weather Forecast knows!

 Five hundred three.

 Count the prime numbers.

 Five hundred nine.

 Five hundred twenty-one.

 Nothing can divide prime numbers.

 The reason why people lose…

 Five hundred twenty-three.

 Shame leads men to defeat.

 Men die to compensate for their shame.

 Five hundred forty-one.

 Thoughts of shameful regret such as "why did I do that earlier"

 weakens men and leads them to their defeat.

 I didn't make an error by failing to see the guards' transceiver.

 No, this is a trial.

 There are still ways to prevail.

 Jolyne Cujoh doesn't know who I am yet.

 Nothing has changed yet.

 I haven't completely lost them, either.

 True victors…

 are those who can reign over the circumstances given to them.

 It looks like you survived.

 Weather Forecast.

 Where are Jolyne and the others?

 Anastasia.

 I'm really grateful for everything you've done for me.

 Thanks to you, I've been safe until now.

 But why do you care so much about me?

 Finding out who Pale Snake is and getting my father's memory back

 is my problem, and mine only.

 Jolyne, how can you say that when you fully know

 how I feel towards you?

 You've already given me so much.

 I see a bright hope

 I couldn't find anywhere, inside or outside of the prison.

 And that's why I'm here with you.

 Hey, what's this?

 Why is it latching onto me?

 I'm not sure.

 "I'm not sure" isn't an answer.

 It's chewing on my hair!

 It's eating dirt too.

 So, is it actually a plant? Does it need nutrients?

 But it sleeps a lot too.

 Jolyne, get down.

 Something is coming.

 There are two of them, and they've already closed in on us.

 F.F.!

 Jolyne… I know who Pale Snake is.

 It's Father Pucchi, Jolyne.

 It was Father Pucchi all along.

 I almost d*ed.

 If Weather Forecast hadn't come, I wouldn't be alive right now.

 F.F.!

 I'm fine.

 I only threw out my body.

 What happened to you guys, Jolyne?

 Let me heal your right eye.

 What you said just now…

 Yes. Father Pucchi was trying to track down

 the baby's location from D an' G's memory.

 Now, we only need to corner him.

 There's finally a way for us to win. Weather Forecast came too.

 Weather Forecast.

 Jolyne…

 Have you recovered from the injuries you sustained at the factory?

 Yes. I hope you've been okay.

 What the hell is this? What are those two doing?

 They are embracing.

 I know that much! F.F., separate them!

 Separate them now!

 I have to do it?

 Yes, you!

 Remember our terms?

 That assh*le's smell is rubbing off on Jolyne!

 Calm down, it's just a greeting!

 See? They stopped.

 Stop being dramatic.

 We found out Pale Snake's identity.

 We don't have time for this petty fight.

 Hey, are you talking back to me?

 What the hell are you thinking?

 How dare you forget our promise.

 You are nothing but plankton.

 Jolyne, now that we know who Pale Snake is,

 we don't need this thing anymore.

 There's no use for it.

 Let's k*ll it.

 Give me permission, Jolyne.

 Wait a minute.

 It's not your ally, Jolyne.

 It's not even human.

 It didn't exist in the first place.

 This being is lower than animals. It should have never been born.

 We shouldn't keep unknown creatures like this one alive.

 So please, let me.

 Now hold on. You better watch it, Anastasia.

 Are you talking about me? Careful how you phrase things.

 Don't touch me.

 We don't have time for that, plankton.

 Weather Forecast, you know the situation, right?

 Give me permission.

 No. I cannot do that.

 You are the one who will die.

 F.F., who the hell did you bring?

 Bastard…

 f*ck, you got me.

 This can't be.

 This isn't… This can't be happening!

 He's not Weather Forecast.

 He's…

 He's…

 We were… being tricked.

 Thank you, F.F., for taking me here

 before the real Weather Forecast caught up.

 Five hundred forty-seven.

 Five hundred fifty-seven.

 No one can divide prime numbers.

 It took such a long time.

 I waited  years.

 The pinnacle of heights humans are able to achieve…

 This is undoubtedly it.

 We finally meet, you who will help me get to heaven!

 Though incomplete and inchoate,

 the only thing left for me to do is to trace the memory sealed by Jotaro Kujo.

 The new moon rises tonight.

 Dio.

 No other night is better suited

 to awaken you once again so that you benefit my cause.

 Thirty-six of the worst convicts' souls were absorbed

 and gave rise to this new life form.

 That's what this green creature is.

 That reminds me.

 Before I begin…

 I must send you to an absolute death where you are forever forgotten.

 Now stand, Jotaro's daughter.

 Though I struck a fatal blow,

 you managed to block a split second faster than the others.

 If you won't att*ck, then I will!

 I didn't think

 this was how I'd find out who you were, Pale Snake.

 I didn't think I'd see you again like this.

 I'm taking three things from you.

 My father's memory,

 the disc you took from F.F.,

 and your life!

 What is the meaning of these handcuffs?

 You've never worn handcuffs before?

 I had to wear them almost every day ever since your ploy brought me here.

 You think you caught me with these?

 Do you know what handcuffs are for?

 They aren't to keep someone from running away.

 They are used to make others submit!

 You still don't seem to understand what you are doing right now.

 We are connected through these handcuffs.

 Do you know what that means?

 Let's see who is the one that's being kept here.

 I already turned your Stone Ocean into one of my discs.

 It's so close to falling out, I can almost grab it.

 Do you see it now?

 So who is the one in a predicament here, you or me?

 Well, I really don't get what you are on about…

 That's all I know.

 A few millimeters.

 A few millimeters, and this fight is over.

 If I can enter just a few millimeters within my range of aerial att*ck,

 my fist can land a blow.

 Some swallows die from flying directly into cliff walls.

 It's because their parents never taught them the safe diving range,

 leading the swallows to soar at a dangerous angle.

 It's not that the birds' parents aren't teaching their offspring.

 The parents cannot teach it because their own parents never taught them.

 This family of birds tends to have a short lifespan,

 and they don't even realize why they're prone to dying from accidents.

 Jotaro had a short lifespan.

 Stone Ocean is mine!

 I used her own disc to block her sight… How did she know where I was?

 Did she use the cuff's vibrations to guess?

 No, it's her strong will!

 Her strong will detected my att*ck!

 When she first entered prison,

 I thought she didn't even have a Stand ability.

 She seemed like a helpless little girl crying over some assh*le who used her.

 This is bad.

 Her Stone Ocean has an advantage over my Pale Snake.

 At this rate, I'm done for…

 But more importantly, the birthed creature will be destroyed!

 What did you throw just now?

 What did you do?

 I'm asking you what you threw!

 A disc is a physical manifestation of one's soul.

 It can be stored forever.

 However,

 what if the disc is inserted into someone on the brink of death?

 The disc would perish along with that person's death.

 That's Jotaro's memory disc you've risked your life for.

 You can have it back.

 It's stabbed into Anastasia's dying body.

 What will you do now? Will you go get the disc?

 Or will you continue your handcuff death match?

 It's risky to let go of Jotaro's disc,

 but I've already memorized the contents of the notebook.

 All that is left is the execution.

 What will you choose, Jolyne Cujoh?

 How can you still be contemplating?

 Your father is rotting away along with Anastasia as he wastes away!

 All that I'm after is the birthed creature.

 I won! As I thought, she chose her father.

 Spiral staircase, rhinoceros beetle,

 city of desolation, fig tart, rhinoceros beetle, Via Dolorosa,

 rhinoceros beetle, singularity point, Giotto,

 angels, hydrangea, rhinoceros beetle, singularity point,

 secret emperor.

 You've shown your interest.

 Are you willing to approach me?

 Will this be the beginning of everything?

 Now, I can depart into your world with you!

 Hallelujah, Dio!

 Anastasia!

 This can't be happening…

 No… this can't…

 This isn't true!

 Somebody!

 Isn't there anyone around here?

 Somebody! A guard! I'm right here!

 Please, I need a doctor!

 -Hey! -Diver…

 -Diver… Drive. -Please, somebody!

 -Can you hear me? -Please, call for help!

 -F.F… -Please!

 -Help! -Jolyne is mourning.

 This is your fault, F.F.

 sh*t…

 I'm cold.

 Actually, I'm freezing.

 Looks like my heart's already stopped b*ating.

 I guess her father's memory disc is inside my body.

 It will disappear, along with my life.

 I tried to eject it, but I'm fighting to stay awake.

 Looks like you are crumbling away.

 Come claim my everything.

 You have to be the one to do it.

 I'll leave my intellect for your use.

 You can use up all the life I have left in me too.

 You can have my body.

 So come inside my body and remove the disc for Jolyne.

 Only you can do it, plankton.

 Answer me, F.F.

 We made a deal!

 You are supposed to follow all my orders.

 You have to keep your word.

 You have to stay alive.

 You can mutate my body as you please.

 Stop wasting time!

 My… consciousness…

 It's… going…

 This can't be!

 Anastasia!

 No… Jolyne.

 It's going to be all right.

 It's not how it looks.

 You've done it.

 Anastasia…

 got the disc back for you.

 F.F., is that you?

 Are you the one speaking?

 One thing I feared the most

 was losing the ability to even think to say goodbye to my friends.

 But…

 in the final moment, I could do just that.

 Jolyne,

 please tell this to Anastasia once he wakes up.

 His body belongs to himself.

 I used his life and intellect to fill his wounds.

 Hold on!

 Why are you talking like this, F.F.?

 Goodbye, Jolyne.

 I can't be here any longer.

 F.F. is disappearing.

 What are you saying?

 Stop talking like that!

 Look at me, Jolyne.

 This is my soul.

 This is my intellect.

 I lived a life.

 I'll do anything to get your disc back from the priest.

 I'm talking about F.F.'s disc.

 That will bring you back!

 That must be a different F.F.

 I don't think it would be me.

 Because this is me.

 This is me, saying goodbye.

 I'm so glad I got to say my farewells… Jolyne.

 This is all right, Jolyne.

 Everything is all right.

 I'm glad you got your father's disc back.

 F.F…

 Respond, F.F.

 I've lost you, F.F.

 Where are you?

 F.F.?

 Answer me, F.F.

 F.F.
The first need is my Stand.

 My Stand, The World,

 and what lies beyond it are the path for men to advance further.

 My second need is a trustworthy friend.

 He must be someone who can control his desires.

 The desire for power, fame, money, sex…

 He must be free of those things.

 It must be someone who chooses God's laws over the laws of men.

 Will I, Dio, ever meet someone with this character trait?

 I also need at least  souls of the worst convicts.

 Souls of sinners have tremendous energy.

 I need  words.

 To prevent ever forgetting these words,

 I will etch them onto my Stand itself.

 I also need courage.

 I must have the courage to let go of my Stand just once.

 My decaying Stand

 will gather and absorb the souls of  convicts.

 It will then give birth to something new.

 The spawned creature will awaken.

 It will be curious about the  words spoken by the trusted friend.

 My friend will find me trustworthy and he will consider me his friend.

 Finally, I need the location.

 It will be north latitude,  degrees  minutes,

 west longitude,  degrees  minutes.

 Wait for the next new moon.

 Heaven will appear then.

 Good morning, Father.

 You've grown your hair out.

 When was the last time you returned home to the mainland?

 I have no use for this place now.

 The birthed creature now belongs to me.

 The only thing left to do is to wait for the time of heaven.

 EPISODE : LOCK OF THE JAIL!

 DISCIPLINARY WING

 This is the worst!

 How do I get out of this one?

 This is the highest maximum security measure ever.

 All the guards have g*n too.

 It's too dangerous to be here with all the guards,

 even for just another minute.

 Hey, Jolyne, can you hear me?

 Are you listening?

 The priest isn't on this island anymore.

 He already left Green Dolphin Street.

 He didn't take anything, though.

 He wasn't carrying a baby with him!

 It's too boring in here. I even pierced my own belly button.

 Do you have my father's disc, Emporio? You got it now?

 Did you get in contact with the Speedwagon Foundation?

 I can't. The security is too tight right now.

 I have the disc though, Jolyne.

 I wouldn't put it down. Never.

 Good. Well, I'm getting out of here.

 -Lead the way. -Jolyne.

 The prison workers think

 that you are the sole survivor from the Disciplinary Wing.

 Though they can't pin it on you,

 you are the only person they can question right now.

 That's why this cell is under strict observation.

 Do you want to leave the cell and come to my room?

 No, Emporio.

 By leave, I mean getting out of this shitty prison.

 I don't have any more time to waste.

 I'm breaking out of the Green Dolphin Island.

 Show me the fastest way out of here.

 I promise I'll contact the Speedwagon Foundation.

 I'll even do that today.

 Wrong again, Emporio.

 This problem is much bigger than retrieving my father's disc now.

 If F.F. were alive, they would be going after that priest as we speak.

 And now that I read my father's memory,

 I understand what Pucchi meant by  years.

 I now understand why my father had to seal Dio's ability.

 My father would never let the priest get away.

 And I am Jolyne Cujoh!

 I have to seal what he has obtained again!

 Emporio.

 Do you plan to stay here for the rest of your life?

 It's up to you, but I want you to come with me.

 You don't understand, Jolyne.

 You don't get it at all.

 But I do.

 I can break out of these bars in three minutes.

 But what about after that?

 No one is left to help you.

 Ermes, Anastasia…

 They are still under treatment at the medical wing.

 For some reason, Weather Forecast has been holed up in his own room.

 He won't even come visit my room.

 I can leave through the Ultra Security House Unit.

 We got to the wetlands.

 We can't.

 No jailbreak attempt has ever succeeded.

 Some prisoners were detained for even contemplating a breakout.

 Anyway, unless you can stop time like your father,

 no one can ever leave this prison.

 I don't know what, but there's something about this place.

 Something more than surveillance cameras,

 as if the prison itself was a guard with a mind of its own.

 Emporio, when is the next new moon?

 Jolyne,

 please, just wait for the Speedwagon Foundation.

 If we risk it, we might even lose this disc we finally retrieved!

 North latitude,  degrees  minutes.

 West longitude,  degrees  minutes.

 Where is that?

 J-Jolyne…

 I can't help you with this.

 I have a message from Pale Snake.

 Everything is over.

 Don't try to leave this prison.

 If you stay here, we won't get in the way of you delivering the disc to Jotaro.

 You've got guts, I'll give you that.

 You showed me your face and your Stand.

 And what's your name?

 I am Mew Mew.

 My Stand is called Jailhouse Lock.

 I'm showing it to you as a warning.

 Did he order you to finish me off?

 If your plans are to break out of this jail, then yes.

 My plans?

 No, I don't have any plans.

 I'm leaving now!

 Her Stand is in the bars!

 I'll say it one more time, Jolyne Cujoh.

 Don't touch the bars.

 The more you think about escaping, the closer you'll be to your death.

 So this is what your ability does.

 Take this!

 What?

 Do you need me to get someone?

 Are you okay, Jolyne?

 Where am I? Why am I here?

 It's you, Gwess.

 Am I in the female wing?

 It hurts!

 "One, grab a pen as soon as you can."

 "Two, you can only retain up to three new pieces of information."

 "Three, defeat the User."

 "Her name is Mew Mew."

 What are these writings and who wrote them?

 Did someone write these while I was asleep?

 . GO SEE EMPORIO

 Oh, that's right.

 I was locked up because of what happened at the Ultra Security House Unit.

 I gave myself a belly piercing.

 Then, I ran into Emporio.

 I told him I'm getting out of here to go after the priest.

 And then, after that…

 After that…

 I…

 What?

 After I said I was leaving, I remember someone coming.

 But who was it?

 This is my handwriting. Did I write these?

 No way. When did I write them, though? I don't even remember writing them.

 Tell me, why am I back here in the female wing?

 Hey! Answer me!

 Why are you ignoring me?

 I must've been sleeping since I don't remember.

 I'm serious!

 Oh, also, do you have a pen?

 I need a pen. Give me one.

 Hey, you…

 I'm really serious.

 Do you think I wrote these on myself?

 That I wrote on my own body?

 . YOU CAN ONLY RETAIN UP TO THREE NEW PIECES OF INFORMATION

 Hey, Gwess… be honest.

 Have I been asking you the same question over and over again?

 Can you do me a favor?

 Can you tell me all the things I've asked you already?

 "Jolyne, the prison doctor has diagnosed you

 with temporary amnesia brought on

 by a great shock you received while in the Hole."

 "You can only memorize up to three things at a time."

 "You can still remember the past,

 but if you memorize a fourth new thing, you will forget one."

 "However, since this will not affect your life as a prisoner,

 you were sent back to the female wing two days ago."

 Two days?

 I've been here that long?

 Get better soon, Jolyne.

 For two days…

 Have I been repeating the same questions for two whole days?

 But why?

 "Defeat the User."

 "Her name is Mew Mew."

 This is…

 Could this be… No, it can't be…

 It's a Stand ability!

 They're trying to keep me locked up in here!

 I'm under att*ck!

 I remember seeing Emporio.

 And then…

 After that…

 After that…

 Let's see… I remember something happening.

 WASH YOUR HANDS DON'T FORGET TO WEAR YOUR PANTIES

 sh*t!

 What the hell?

 By the way, Gwess,

 do you know anyone named Mew Mew?

 You haven't asked that yet, Jolyne.

 Her prisoner cell is upstairs.

 I think she has ratty, blond hair.

 She's about your height.

 I don't know why she's here, but I bet she was whoring around.

 Where do I go to see her?

 She was here until a moment ago, Jolyne.

 She just walked by.

 Can you tell me how she looks like again?

 She's about cm.

 Her hair is platinum blonde and it's ratty.

 She wears fishnets.

 This is the female wing.

 How did I get back here?

 Who's Mew Mew?

 What's the matter?

 No…

 You just said you wanted lunch.

 It's almost lunchtime.

 Is that right?

 Don't think about getting out of here, Jolyne Cujoh.

 You can't att*ck me and my Jailhouse Lock, ever.

 STAND NAME: STONE OCEAN STAND MASTER: JOLYNE CUJOH

 Pale Snake was the priest.

 F.F. figured it out for us.

 And then….

 They d*ed, didn't they?

 Bottoms up.

 I'll avenge you.

 Hey! Why are you grabbing food?

 Give me your ticket first.

 I'm here to grab the packed lunch.

 Like I said, ticket first.

 You won't be sneaking one away.

 Now show it to me. Stop taking forever.

 If you don't have it, then leave.

 Now scram.

 Next.

 Did I leave it next to my bed?

 I've got to write it somewhere so I don't forget it.

 LEAVE FOOD TICKET IN HERE

 What?

 Why am I here again?

 Oh, why did I come back up here?

 I can't remember a thing.

 Why did I come back up here?

 Hey Jolyne, that's my lunch!

 You ate a good bit of it!

 You ate my favorite cheese penne!

 You left your ticket in your pocket, remember?

 Sorry.

 I'll get you another one with my ticket.

 No, it's fine. Just stop.

 I can get it, just give me your ticket.

 Can you write it down somewhere that I have your ticket?

 Oh, sorry.

 I GAVE MY FOOD TICKET TO GWESS

 What's this, a User? Is it referring to a Stand?

 Oh, that's right. I have to go see Emporio.

 I tried to break out of the confinement cell.

 Emporio must have been with me then.

 Emporio might know something.

 And I need to get out of here.

 I GAVE MY FOOD TICKET TO GWESS

 Hey, I said the mustard's out!

 There's not a squeeze left in here. Do you have another bottle?

 Why does it feel like I'm always eating the same food?

 I don't have an appetite. I'll just eat the cheese penne.

 Can I sit with you, Jolyne?

 I'm sitting down here.

 I stepped on a cockroach earlier.

 It was so gross.

 Who is she? She seems to know me.

 Blonde…

 Ratty hair…

 Fishnet tights.

 What the hell did you do that for?

 Do you want mustard?

 What about ketchup?

 You aren't fond of dressing, are you?

 It's pretty good.

 Thanks.

 By the way, what's your name?

 Oh, no.

 I'm so sorry,

 I spilled it on you! Let's get you clean.

 Your arm got drenched. We need to go clean it off.

 Take that jacket off.

 . YOU CAN ONLY RETAIN UP TO THREE NEW PIECES OF INFORMATION

 Oh, that's so much better. There, all squeaky clean!

 Let's check your pocket too.

 That's a gift from me.

 Jailhouse Lock.

 Anyone who touches the cell bars with my Stand in it to try and escape

 can then only remember three pieces of information.

 Their life is then restricted by the three memories.

 It's worse than not having any memories at all.

 They experience over and over again

 that everything they do is meaningless.

 Eventually, this cycle of failure becomes etched in their bodies.

 They then lose all drive to escape.

 You can even say that they are crippled.

 This is what you get for trying to break out.

 What do I need to do?

 What's important to me?

 What shouldn't I forget?

 That's all I need to get out of this trap. I just need one thing!

 I need to recall it now.

 If I don't recall it right this minute, I'll forget it forever!

 Just one thing!

 What matters to me?

 GO SEE EMPORIO

 This is all I need. I'll leave one memory open.

 These two things.

 These two things are all I need.

 The rest, I don't need.

 I need to leave this place!

 I spilled… my water.

 I need to… unplug the power.

 The power is shorting out.

 Or else, I can't leave out of that exit to go see Jolyne.

 I have things I need to tell Jolyne!

 I can't forget them!

 I have to leave this room!

 I spilled my water.

 MEMORY ONE: I SPILLED MY WATER

 I need to… unplug the power.

 MEMORY TWO: I NEED TO UNPLUG THE POWER

 The power is shorting out.

 MEMORY THREE: THE POWER IS SHORTING

 Or else, I can't leave out of that exit…

 MEMORY FOUR: OR ELSE, I CAN'T LEAVE THIS ROOM TO GO SEE JOLYNE

 MEMORY THREE

 …to go see Jolyne.

 Wait a second.

 "Go see Emporio"?

 I'm sure I read that name on her arm.

 I need to go make sure.

 No one can escape this place.

 GO SEE EMPORIO
North latitude,  degrees  minutes,

 west longitude,  degrees  minutes.

 Wait for the next new moon.

 Heaven will appear then.

 I have no use for this place now.

 The birthed creature now belongs to me.

 Jailhouse Lock.

 You can only remember three new pieces of information.

 What do I need to do?

 What's important to me?

 What shouldn't I forget?

 I have things I need to tell Jolyne!

 What am I doing here?

 Something's off.

 What? Why is this man going inside the house?

 I have no idea what's going on.

 Bitch!

 Stop rewinding it so much!

 No sh*t, now I'm lost too!

 Get this bitch out of here!

 Fine, I'll leave.

 Greenie, that's the head honcho of all the other spiders in this cell.

 Hello sir, great to meet you.

 I'm Pit Viper Ron.

 Yes, good to meet you.

 And this spider right here's about to croak.

 Oh, hey.

 The hell?

 What's funny about it?

 I don't get this comic at all.

 Oh, why did I come to this recreation room?

 . YOU CAN ONLY RETAIN UP TO THREE NEW PIECES OF INFORMATION

 That's right… I'm in a predicament.

 I came here to find a way out of this situation.

 The medical wing is beyond this corridor.

 The stairs on the way lead to Emporio's room.

 It's usually not a hassle,

 but the area is heavily guarded today.

 How can I reach Emporio?

 IF ANYONE KEEPS LOOKING AT MY LEFT HAND, DON'T HESITATE

 JUST PUNCH

 She has a Stand!

 It looks familiar too.

 I have to chase it. She's my enemy!

 She's the Stand User!

 EPISODE : JAILBREAK…

 Where… am I?

 And who was I trying to chase just now?

 There she is.

 -Target found at the corner of D--. -Hands in the air!

 I was wrong, I'm the one being chased!

 She's right there! Hey, don't move!

 What the…

 Was there just one guard coming from this way?

 No, that doesn't matter right now.

 Where is this?

 Where the hell am I?

 Why am I being chased?

 Where is she? I swear she ran this way!

 Keep looking. We have to find her!

 There's no way we lost her.

 She must be hiding somewhere close!

 She may have ran towards the stairs.

 That's not possible.

 She would have to walk right past us.

 Stairs?

 "Go see Emporio…"

 That's right, that flight of stairs leads to Emporio's room.

 What's going on?

 That's right, I spilled some water.

 GO TELL JOLYNE

 I have to tell Jolyne.

 I have to print something.

 We'll end up forgetting it,

 so I have to show her the guard's face.

 Or else, I can't tell her.

 MEW MEW, AGE  LEAD GUARD

 Jolyne Cujoh.

 You can't retain more than three new pieces of information.

 Even if you saw four guards,

 you can't remember more than three of them.

 Even though the fourth guard is in your line of sight,

 your brain rejects it since that's too much to remember.

 You wanted to go see Emporio, so I let you guide me here.

 So I see.

 I didn't know there was a room here.

 Emporio!

 Jolyne.

 -How long have you been here? -I got here just now.

 Your poor hands. What happened to them?

 The writings on your arms…

 You can only remember three new things.

 You're in the same boat as I am!

 Ever since that time in the confinement cell!

 That's right, I was hoping to see you.

 I have to tell you something, Jolyne!

 What's this? What was I doing just now?

 What? Jolyne?

 When did you get here?

 -And why did you come? -Right, why am I here?

 -Why? -Why?

 Oh, that's right. I'm here to see you.

 I don't know what for,

 but there was a really serious reason for me to come see you.

 Print it out.

 I have to print something out.

 If I don't, it'll be forgotten forever.

 Printing is the only way to remember it.

 Print what out, Emporio?

 What are you talking about?

 Huh? But how would I do that?

 What was I trying to print out?

 "Mew Mew, Lead Guard."

 It makes sense now.

 So he was with you when my Stand activated.

 He had seen my face and heard me say my name.

 Emporio was hiding in the walls of the confinement cell.

 Usually, I'd let him be.

 My Jailhouse Lock's job is to keep Stand Users behind bars.

 But if he's trying to leave a record of me,

 then that changes everything.

 I now deem you an escapee.

 Her Stand, Stone Ocean. b*ll*ts won't give her a scratch.

 But her memory would have been impaired had I fired four sh*ts.

 Her brain wouldn't even register the fourth sh*t,

 let alone the smoke from it!

 Jolyne…

 What?

 I don't know why there's a room in a place like this,

 and what a little boy is doing here.

 But Pale Snake had told me

 that Jolyne Cujoh has allies from the inside who have been helping her

 -using walkie-talkies and the like. -Emporio!

 So this little boy was her ally.

 And now, any record he had about me is gone.

 I won't forgive you!

 Wow, how caring.

 But even that anger you feel right now

 will be completely forgotten with the next three pieces of information.

 That's my Stand Jailhouse Lock's ability.

 Take this. Meet your end, Jolyne Cujoh!

 You won't be able to see more than three of the sh*ts.

 The others will leave a hole in your body!

 An image reflected on water is the one whole truth.

 You might be able to sh**t many sh*ts at once,

 but I can see their reflections all at once.

 I hope you haven't forgotten about this one.

 AVENGE EMPORIO

 That bitch…

 But I managed to destroy the computer.

 Now, I just have to escape.

 Jolyne will forget about me soon anyway.

 She will never be able to remember who I am!

 Emporio, hang in there for just a bit longer.

 I will go after her.

 Don't, Jolyne.

 You'll forget everything the moment you step out of this room.

 You'll even forget about defeating her.

 So, please…

 Emporio, I understand why you are so careful.

 It was a skill you needed to develop to survive inside these prison walls.

 But there comes a time when we have to move forward,

 even if that means facing danger.

 And for me,

 that time is now!

 Is this her string?

 STAND NAME: JAILHOUSE LOCK STAND USER: MEW MEW

 Why am I injured?

 But there comes a time when we have to move forward,

 even if that means facing danger.

 I don't know why…

 but I feel like there's something I have to do…

 What was it?

 That's right, print it out.

 I have to tell Jolyne.

 I have to print something out…

 but what was I trying to print?

 My room doesn't even have a printer.

 COMPUTE

 She's strong!

 She is the enemy I'm after.

 I can't let her get away.

 I need you back here!

 I'm at the D stairwell!

 Look, she's over there!

 Lead Guard Mew Mew is being as*ault!

 The gate!

 Open the gate!

 This place…

 Why am I here?

 Hurry! Capture her!

 Am I…

 being chased?

 The three guards are here now.

 Now, you will never recall that I exist!

 Now, try to run away just a little bit.

 Then, the guards will sh**t you to death.

 Before you go, those hands of yours…

 I almost forgot that they can block g*n.

 My duty is strictly to keep Stand Users confined in this facility.

 But I feel great right now.

 It feels great to watch you get sh*t to death.

 Because you brought this upon yourself.

 You wanted to walk out of your line, so this is what you get.

 There she is.

 And I love that you can't see more than three guards!

 -I've found her! -There she is!

 No one can escape my Jailhouse Lock!

 Jolyne…

 How long have you been here?

 Emporio, it's you!

 I have to tell you…

 I have to print this out for you.

 If I don't, you won't be able to remember her.

 Print it out?

 Binaries.

 These are binaries made up of ones and zeroes.

 I must have computed this.

 You can print it correctly.

 We are going to imprint it into your memory!

 Stone Ocean!

 They're binary numbers.

 The binary system can express anything.

 Draw zeroes and ones using your thread.

 You can use Stone Ocean

 as a printer that can express images!

 Can I consider you my enemy?

 Are you an enemy?

 What?

 She's talking nonsense.

 She can't even see me.

 Now, be gone.

 Thanks. So I guess you are an enemy after all.

 What's happening?

 She has Mew Mew hostage!

 Emporio.

 Her Jailhouse Lock is no longer active.

 Yes. I'm okay now.

 Great. I'm leaving now.

 Like I told you before, I'm leaving this prison.

 What are you going to do?

 If you plan on staying here, then you should go back to your room.

 Jolyne, my time to leave is now.

 I…

 I want to see the outside world!

 Look, a child.

 Why is there a child in prison?

 Either way, keep your guard up!

 Come, Emporio. Let's go.

 Excuse me.

 Sorry, coming through.

 Sorry, excuse me.

 What? Who was I trying to g*n down?

 -What am I doing here? -Why am I here?

 Great job, Mew Mew.

 I'm glad you understand.

 First, we are going to the medical wing to treat Emporio's wound.

 I'm counting on you to keep us safe, Jailhouse Lock.

 An undefeated ability that restricts the enemy's memory.

 Where… am I?

 Do you have my father's disc?

 Yes. I've had it with me the entire time.

 Hey, Jolyne!

 It's Jolyne.

 Emporio, you too.

 Ermes.

 I heard a commotion. I knew it had to be you guys.

 Who is she?

 She is this prison's lead guard.

 What?

 Does that mean you're…

 Yes. We are breaking out. We're about to leave this place.

 You're going after that priest.

 That's right, Ermes.

 I have to seal what he took. I'm ready for anything.

 Things even worse than what we faced in this prison.

 Take me with you then.

 Father, thank you.

 I don't mean to be rude, but are you feeling okay?

 Yes, I'm just a little tired.

 Are you… sure?

 Excuse me.

 What is this?

 What's wrong with these eggs?

 A Stand…

 Pale Snake is no longer my Stand ability.

 Something else is inside me… but what?

 I feel terrible…

 Something is running loose inside me.

 This power, it's beyond my control.

 But this power carries hope.

 I can at least feel hope within this power.

 Dio's memo inside Jotaro's memory…

 It seems this power needs the things in that memory.

 Time and place.

 North latitude,  degrees  minutes.

 West longitude,  degrees  minutes.

 That's where heaven will be.

 This location is Cape Canaveral.

 Kennedy Space Center.

 It will be during the new moon.

 Six more days.
North latitude,    degrees    minutes, 

west longitude,    degrees    minutes. 

Wait for the next new moon. 

This location is Cape Canaveral. 

Kennedy Space Center. 

It will be during the new moon. 

Six more days. 

My father would never let
the priest get away.  

I am Jolyne Cujoh!   

I have to seal what he took.   

We are breaking out.
We're about to leave this place.   

Take me with you then.   

Good-bye, lovely Aquarium.   

I thought it was a sh*thole
when I first got there.   

But now that we're out…   

-It was…
-It was…   

-the shittiest place ever.
-the shittiest place ever.   

That's a gas station.   

And that's a bus stop!   

Are we riding a bus?   

I've never been on a bus before.   

We're escaped convicts.   

We're bound to get caught
if we hop on a bus.   

But we can't exactly track down
the priest on foot.   

First, we need to secure
a means of transportation.   

EPISODE   : Bohemian Rhapsody ( )   

What did you say?   

Weather Report.   

Jolyne is no longer   

in the prison's Female Ward
nor the solitary cells.   

I can tell by the shift in the air.   

It must mean that she managed to escape.   

Hold on a second.   

A star-shaped birthmark.   

What exactly are you?   

I saw the same birthmark   

on the back of The Green Baby's neck.   

And I've heard that Jolyne's father
also has the same mark.   

If you can't recall, then surmise.   

How did you end up at Green Dolphin?   

You say you don't have any memories,   

but doesn't that mean
the priest took your memory disc?   

One thing is for certain. He's our enemy.   

I will break out, track the man,
and defeat him to learn the truth.   

What will you do?   

Two convicts have escaped
The Green Dolphin Street State Prison. 

The convicts' names are
Jolyne Cujoh and Ermes Costello. 

We have released their photos
and are seeking information. 

Jolyne got past Mew Mew's Stand, 

and is now coming after me. 

The hell? Why won't my car start?   

Got plenty of gas in the t*nk.
This has never happened before.   

I've never missed a maintenance check.   

Sorry, Father.   

We're nowhere near your destination,
but it's as far as we can go.   

I'll radio for another cab.   

No, here is fine. I'm not in a hurry.   

I've felt ill since I took on my new form. 

Five days remain
until the next new moon rises. 

I must keep them away, 

whether it's Jolyne or someone else. 

Hurry, he's in cardiac arrest!   

He's a robber.
The police sh*t him in the leg.   

He then jumped off
the sixth floor of the building!   

This one's a biker g*ng member,   

speeding on the wrong side of the road
and lost control!   

What the hell is with tonight?   

This one's a drug addict. He's in shock!   

Stay back, bastards!   

The drug addict woke up!   

sh*t, he's stabbing his hostage!   

Put your g*n down!   

There's no way in hell
I'm getting thrown in prison!   

Code    .   

Requesting backup at the state hospital.   

Hey f*ck!   

You're going to mumble
but pretend like you don't hear me?   

I'm f*cking pissed!
I'm shoving these scissors in his neck!   

I saw sh**ting stars in the sky earlier.   

-There were three.
-What?   

I'm quite certain.
There were three sh**ting stars.   

Where did you come from?   

You don't know what you are, do you?   

He stabbed the hostage!   

That wasn't…   

No, it wasn't you,
but these scissors are positioned   

a mere millimeter away
from severing my nerves.   

This is a coincidence.   

It just so happened to s*ab me
in a way that isn't fatal.   

What will you do? It's all in your hands.   

Will you move the scissors
ever so slightly?   

Before you decide,
do you believe in gravity?   

There's a gravitational force
that draws one person to another.   

I have become a believer
in this very moment.   

You cannot k*ll me.   

You are here because
you were drawn in by my pull.   

Stop wasting time on dr*gs.   

Redirect your energy to
the things that it's intended for.   

f*ck this!    

You all must not know    

who your father is.    

Soon, you will find out.    

A gravitational pull    

draws one person to another.    

Ouch.    

My, thank you.    

It's nothing serious.    

It's just an old knee injury
that aches when it rains.    

Your knee aches when it rains.    

Yes, that's right.    

Thank you, son.    

Don't get into people's business.    

Our backs may no longer have
The Green Dolphin logo,    

but our jailbreak is all over the news.    

We must find a car and
gain distance immediately.    

No stolen cars.    

The authorities will be able to
track a stolen vehicle.    

It will only interfere with
finding the priest.    

So what, you want to take the bus?    

Are we going to wait at the bus stop?    

Hey, you two.    

Are you taking the bus?    

The next bus is an hour away.    

How about you hop onto my truck?    

If you don't mind
sitting in the bed, that is.    

You were very kind to me,    

so I feel very good right now.    

Even the pain in my knee is gone.    

I've never felt better.    

The clouds are starting to part too.    

Weather Report.    

We're in luck.
Let's ride with him, Anasui.    

Jolyne had better be safe.    

How is she getting to places?    

Jolyne is headed north.    

I sense that for sure.    

North. We must head north.    

There's a famous theme park
in a city up north.    

Have you ever been?    

That's right, you can't remember.    

There's one character
who's especially famous at the park.    

Maybe even you'd recognize him…    

What a joke.    

None of the characters are printed!    

Watch out! We're not alone.    

Could it be an enemy?    

Diver Down!    

Got it!    

Anasui, there's more than one.    

Either way, I caught one of them.    

What the hell is it?    

Search, Weather Report.
The Stand User must be nearby.    

I doubt it's this old man.    

He has no reason to stage a happenstance    

just to close in on us.    

Then someone else must be close by.    

Just as you felt Jolyne's movements,
the priest must sense yours.    

He could be sending enemies after us.    

What are you? Spill it!    

You don't want to do that.    

It's in your best interest to not hurt me.    

Children around the world will weep!    

The hell was that?    

Can't breathe…    

Can you not choke me like that? I mean it.    

There's one more of you here.
Do you work in pairs?    

N-No, it's just me.    

Oh, no! Sorry, my bad!    

I didn't mean to hurt you.    

Little punk!    

My nose grows on its own.    

It's a reflex thing!    

When I lie, my nose grows.    

Sorry, I lied just now.    

I mean, it wasn't totally a lie.    

Well, I don't work in a pair,
but I'm not exactly alone either.    

That's right.    

Oh, see that? I was telling the truth.    

My nose shrank back!    

-Ouch.
-What the hell are you?    

Please don't be so rough.    

I'm speaking for myself here,
but I'm a good guy.    

I'm a friend to all little children.    

When you were a boy,
I was your friend too.    

Speaking of friends,
the seven are hiding close by.    

I saw three of the seven earlier.
See that?    

A half-eaten apple.    

Weather, what the hell are they?    

This apple's not poisoned.    

It's safe to eat.    

You know who bit into a poison apple?
Snow White.    

The bite she took is just
lodged in her throat.    

She didn't digest the thing.    

Who eats an apple
from a random old lady, anyway?    

We're even wary about
Valentine's day chocolates.    

She's so naive!
It makes us want to protect her.    

How many are there on this truck?
There's so many of them, Weather!    

Calm down. There's no need to panic.    

What did you like as a child?
Did you have a favorite character?    

I bet it was me.    

I'm a fan of the T-     series
from The Terminator,    

not that it's with us.    

We love Chewbacca.    

Not to mention The Elephant Man!    

But Snow White is the best of all!    

-Heigh-ho!
-Heigh-ho!    

People like to speculate
whether we're involved,    

but we and Snow White have
a purely platonic friendship!    

-Yeah!
-Yeah!    

These vermin… 

That means they're… 

I know them. I know who they are. 

But what could this all mean? 

Breaking news. 

Today at  :   p.m., 

Batman has disappeared
everywhere in the world. 

An investigation is underway,
with experts looking into the possibility 

of ink and print fading
caused by chemical breakdown. 

Similar incidents have been reported
for various characters. 

Hey Weather! Is that what it is?    

They came straight out of stories?
But why?    

Who's your favorite? Is it me?    

Sorry, but I don't know any of you.    

Now scram, unless you want me
to kick you to death.    

Weather, I had that book first.    

Put that apple down.    

The book too!    

Where are you, Anasui?    

Anasui?    

Where did you go?    

Old man, stop the car!    

-What?
-What's wrong, Weather?    

I said, hit the brakes!    

Oh good heavens.    

-How sickening!
-This is terrible! Everyone, come look!    

Old man, stop! Stop the car!    

What? What is it, Weather?    

Weather! What's happening?    

That man under the truck!    

That face! How did I fall?
How did I get there?    

You split.    

You were my fan, weren't you?    

Way back when you were little.    

sh*t!    

I'll get run over by the tires!    

Weather, get him to stop the car!    

This can't be happening.    

sh*t, we won't make it!    

Weather Report made airbags.    

Are you hurt?
How did you fall out like that?    

It must have been a Stand att*ck,    

but I wonder why it only targeted you.    

Maybe it's got
something to do with the fact    

that I don't recognize Pinocchio.    

Hey Weather!    

Am I invisible to you?    

Is that me on the ground?    

Are you all safe?    

-Woo-hoo!
-Woo-hoo!    

Where's the princess?    

Is she okay?    

She got thrown towards the burger shop.
Let's go get her!    

Look up! Do you recognize them?    

I know of them! But we aren't friends.    

They're Japanese!
So sleek! Such show-offs!    

Fictional characters are brought
into the real world.    

Not only that,    

they have the ability to
split our minds from our bodies.    

That's what this is all about, isn't it!    

If you're a Stand,
tell me where your User is!    

I don't know.    

I really don't know a thing.    

I'm just Pinocchio.    

But who cares?    

You can be a hero in a fantasy.    

Isn't it wonderful?    

Your mind split off because
it wants to be a part of our world.    

A world where everyone longs to be,    

Bohemian Rhapsody.    

It's a capriccio of the free!    

Cut the nonsense, or else,
this is what you'll get.    

What are you doing?
How could you do this to me?    

All children around the world
are my friends!    

This is not how the story goes!    

Weather is gone.    

I need to stay with him
and my body right now.    

Please wait.    

Don't go.    

Sorry, old man. That crash was on you.
I'm taking off.    

Hold on, I can't hear you.    

I have quite a hairy ear.    

Come closer.    

You need to sit tight.    

Onlookers will gather any minute
and will call an ambulance.    

Did you hurt your finger?
Your nail is split.    

No, these hands are    

for giving you a big, warm hug
as a thank you for saving me.    

Your pants are ripped.
Something's sticking out of it.    

It's a duster.    

Let me repay you by dusting you off.    

Is everything okay?
Your mouth is split to your ears.    

Yes, it's to swallow you whole,
Little Red Riding Hood!    

Diver Down!    

And that's how the story goes.    

Did he just say "story"?    

Weather!    

Pinocchio and the dwarves
didn't seem to be Stands. 

The User and the Stand
are in separate places, 

bringing the characters to life. 

To the north. I feel the presence. 

The User and its Stand are not far away. 

Pinocchio is only the start. 

We must get rid of the User. 

Weather!    

Can't you hear me?
Something's off. I don't like this. 

The enemy has activated a Stand. 

I can feel its presence. 

But our enemy isn't in this city. 

I can feel it moving farther away. 

If it wanted to att*ck us, 

its presence should be
approaching us instead. 

What is going on? 

There's my body! 

The enemy first wants to k*ll my body,
which is vulnerable without my Stand. 

I have to protect my body! 

What's this? 

Oh! It's Batman!   

I found Batman! Awesome!   

EPISODE   : Bohemian Rhapsody ( )   

sh*t, why won't my body stay still?   

Weather, do you not see me   

because you aren't under
the enemy Stand's influence?   

Weather, I'm going after my body.   

You go hunt down the Stand User!   

Anasui,   

where are you?   

Scoundrel!   

How could you show your face
after what you've done?   

I'll call the police right now!   

Hello, is this the police?   

Wait just a moment.
Were you talking about me?   

Stay the hell away from my shop!   

Calm down. How about this?   

I'm short on time
and I need to speak to you.   

The hell that's enough!
You smashed up my tables!   

I've got no wife.
I run this place all by myself!   

What? So my body came here?   

If it's money you want,   

just tell me the amount, and I'll pay.   

So please, hang up the phone.   

Tell me, where did I go?   

I need to know.   

I mean, that was my twin younger brother.   

Is something the matter?
Is there a problem here?   

This is Squad  .   

We're following up on a tip
about an escaped convict.   

Roger that. 

Excuse me, can you turn around?   

That's me! 

My body is still inside the shop! 

Turn around.   

Show your face and answer my questions.   

It's business as usual,   

Officer.   

Sorry, you may go.   

Wasn't there an old man here?   

Diver Down!
I injected chocolate into my face. 

Breaking news.
The famous Japanese character Kenshiro 

defeated Raoh the villain
after a showdown in West Shinjuku, Tokyo! 

The sequence of events followed
the original works… 

Where are you? Show yourself!   

-Hurray!
-Princess is awake!   

Snow White returned to us!   

The chocolate shop owner.   

You haven't reached
your happily ever after yet?   

I don't need my body anymore!   

She's always been in my dreams.   

Snow White, my darling!   

-And that's how the story goes!
-And that's how the story goes!   

-And that's how the story goes!
-And that's how the story goes!   

Did they just say "story?"   

How could you be so cruel?   

How could you
devour my brothers like that?   

What is this creature?   

I thought that was chocolate
I injected into my face.   

Are they goats, or are they chocolate?   

"He's a cunning little devil."   

"He tricked the seven kids
into opening the door and came inside."   

"And then, he cornered the kids
one by one and gobbled them up!"   

"The only one that survived   

was the youngest kid,
who hid inside the grandfather clock!"   

I know this story! 

"When the mother goat came home,
she grew very upset!"   

"The mother held the scissors
in her cloven hoof,   

and went a one, a two at his stomach."   

"She took out his guts and
stuffed pebbles in his body."   

"Then he got thrown into a pond!"   

Don't read such a story!   

The villain was a wolf!   

The wolf came and ate my brothers!   

The enemy Stand wasn't going
after my body.   

I was being dragged into   

a story!   

Excuse me.   

Is this the way to
the hospital in Saint-Rémy?   

Ask someone else.   

Oh? Excuse me.   

Wait, I believe you know me.   

Sorry, but I can't help you.   

I'm not from here.   

Never mind that.   

Aren't you my fan?   

I can tell from your face.
You've been inspired by me.    

My name    

is Van Gogh.
I am Van Gogh's self-portrait.    

Yesterday, I cut off my ear with a razor.    

See, you were moved by me again.    

Mommy's coming back with scissors!    

Our mommy's going to get you!    

Bad wolf!    

Bring it, f*ck!    

Mommy! We're over here!    

We're trapped in here!    

What the hell?    

Save us!    

How dare you!    

How could you eat my babies?    

Continuing report
on the fantasy hero incident. 

The incident is believed to have
started in Florida, USA, a few hours ago. 

Not only are cartoon
and story characters brought to life, 

but even figures from artworks
are being sighted. 

The riches of all humanity, 

the treasures for our souls 

are vanishing! 

This User doesn't care about
causing chaos around the world. 

Their only objective
is to keep the priest safe. 

The Stand itself is invincible. 

The only way to win is to strike the User! 

The User is headed north. I can sense it. 

It's moving at a pretty fast pace. 

It's getting farther away from here! 

Here's a question.    

How many self-portraits did I paint,    

before my untimely death?    

Back off, or I'll kick you!    

The answer is about   .    

Van Gogh left that many self-portraits.    

It was before I cut off an ear.    

Then I ended my    years of life,    

k*lling myself with a g*n!    

I see you are one of my self-portraits.    

Hello, Van Gogh with a severed ear.    

What?    

Van Gogh sh*t himself in the head twice.    

A single b*llet wasn't enough
to end his life.    

That's right. He needed to sh**t himself
twice to seal the deal.    

This enemy! 

Weather Report!    

Direction is north. 

Shut down the highway with a rainstorm,
up to    kilometers north! 

Don't let a single car head north! 

Diver Down restructured the door
from the inside.    

It's been fused with the wall.
Nothing can open this door now!    

Diver Down!    

My brothers are free!    

And that's how the story goes!    

Once a story begins,
nothing can alter its course. 

I'm powerless against this Stand! 

The walls, Diver Down!    

Submerge!    

Hell yes, I'm safe.    

Officers from earlier.    

So their souls have also split
from their bodies.    

Anyhow, I'm taking this police car…    

-Pebbles! Get the pebbles!
-Mommy!    

I can't escape.
Weather, hurry and k*ll the User!    

I sensed the enemy up north,    

but now it's down south.    

No way…    

Is it in the air?    

Flight     , destination Key West. 

Despite the sudden downpour, 

we were able to depart on time. 

This ability that recently awakened
within me. 

I can only be defeated if
I'm in direct harm's way 

Nothing can touch me when
I'm high up in the air.    

I'm finally living my life to the fullest.    

This power keeps my blood racing.    

THE NIGHT BEFORE    

To be born 

means to be chosen. 

Once one is chosen, 

one is protected and supported by all. 

Amidst the competitions of life, 

the chosen one rises above. 

Those who were drawn to me.    

They exist to bring me to heaven
when the rightful time arrives.    

Yes, Jolyne Cujoh may have escaped
to chase me down,    

but she merely exists
to help me attain heaven.    

Sons of Dio,    

help me get to Cape Canaveral.    

This act will be
your singular source of joy.    

All my life, 

I felt like a tumbling rock
that rolls without a purpose. 

But now I understand.    

I was born to use my ability!    

I'll do whatever it takes
to protect the priest.    

Also, Bohemian Rhapsody is magnificent!    

It makes me laugh to watch
society fall into utter darkness.    

The very society that despised me!    

No, I can't catch up.    

If the Stand User is on an airplane,    

its speed exceeds    kph.    

Even the largest hurricane on record    

cannot travel faster than    kph.    

There's not a single weather phenomenon
that can catch up to an airplane.    

It got away!    

One more b*llet. 

If I take one more b*llet, 

this story will end. 

Dammit! 

Don't you dare get close to that g*n.    

If you touch it, I'll k*ll you!    

Anasui!    

Weather.    

What?    

Weather!    

Yes! The wolf is drowned!    

-And that's how the story goes!
-Hurray!    

It's over. That's how the end goes.    

I'll live a happy life in your place.    

According to the experts, 

the city with the most damage
due to the fantasy hero incident… 

What is your wish, Aladdin?    

I am your loyal servant.    

-I can grant any wish.
-Shut up, brat!    

What are you reading? Let me see.    

I can't breathe!    

You want me to do more?    

No, this is fine. Thanks.    

You've got real talent.    

What's with the drawing, Weather?    

I got this Van Gogh to draw,    

and create a new character.    

He comes with a story of his own.    

This hero can use an ability.    

It sucks all the fantasy heroes
back into their stories!    

This hero's story will end    

once its ability restores order
to our reality!    

We're going back,
and that's how the story goes.    

We will now rejoin our unharmed bodies!    

Hey, are you listening?    

Can I have my book back?    

Breaking news. 

Order has been restored. 

Characters from story books,
cartoons, movies, and artwork 

are back where they belong. 

This includes Mona Lisa, Snow White,
Batman, and Tweety. 

However, for some unknown reason,
Pinocchio is still missing. 

Did you fall asleep?    

Was it too boring?    

But this story is full
of hopes and dreams.    

UNGALO
STAND NAME: Bohemian Rhapsody    

BACK TO DESPAIR
BEYOND RECOVERY    

Hey, what do you drive now?    

I hope    

you got rid of that one, Romeo.    

Jolyne!    

Please. Help me, Jolyne! 

-Do you know what a "plea deal" is?
-…you will be sent to Green Dolphin… 

Romeo! 

You…    

How did you…    

Let me warn you, Romeo.    

Stay away from the phone.    

All phones.    

Got that?    

That's the last thing on my mind.    

Ever since that day, I've felt so sorry.    

I realized my own foolishness    

only after I lost you.    

Oh, god.    

How can I ever make up
for what I've done to you--    

There's no need for words, Romeo.    

You are the best I ever had.    

I need you.    

I tried to go visit you,
but they wouldn't let me.    

Romeo, you poor boy.    

I really pity you.    

Nothing matters anymore    

about the hit-and-run.    

I have nothing against you.    

After all, you got embroiled
in a conspiracy.    

Romeo, I came to ask you for a favor.    

I need money and a car.    

I have to go somewhere.    

I only have a thousand dollars on me.    

Take these keys.    

This is plenty. Thank you, Romeo.    

Just don't talk if the police come.    

Promise me.    

Oh, Jolyne,    

I will confess my crimes.    

I'll get you a non-guilty verdict.    

So please, come back to me!    

Wow, car keys!    

Hello? I'm Romeo Jisso,
a Palm Beach resident. 

Is this the police? 

I'm reporting an escaped convict. 

Yes, it's Jolyne Cujoh. 

I knew it.    

It was wise that you used my sticker
to make a copy of his tongue.    

This assh*le is already ratting you out.    

No, she didn't! 

She didn't come to my house.
Why would she? 

I'm filing a report because she called. 

Yes, we only talked over the phone. 

She asked for money
but I didn't give her any. 

She said she's headed to Mexico. 

Of course, I will make another call
if she contacts me again. 

Yes. Bye. 

I'm impressed.    

He kept his word.    

I will do anything for her. 

Anything to atone for my actions. 

Jolyne!    

Wow, your ex-boyfriend is awesome!    

Guess what the key is for?    

He gave us car keys too, but guess what?    

Look over there!    

Can we ride it?    

I want to try piloting it.    

I bet it's totally different
from reading about it in a book!    

Romeo, I stand corrected.    

But let's rip this off. For good measure.    

Let's get going.    

The helicopter will get us there
in a matter of hours.    

Father, 

I understand my assignment to protect you. 

Can you do something
about my eyelid first?    

One of my eyelids    

always slides down for no reason.    

I can't open my eye.    

I mean, I can get it to open sometimes.
Wow, so this is auto-pilot mode.
I'm getting the hang of it.  

Don't get carried away.
Didn't you read that helicopters crash?  

Emporio, head west. We need to go west.  

Why? At this rate, we'll be
in Cape Canaveral in    minutes.  

It's the priest's presence.  

For some reason,
it's now in three to four locations.  

It's just west.  

I have no doubt that
he is close to Orlando.  

-I feel strange.
-What?   

Ermes, my eye feels weird.   

My eyelids! They're closing!   

Jolyne, something is off!   

What?   

My eyelids!   

My eyes won't open!   

What's going on, Ermes?   

What is happening?   

I don't know!   

But something else is here!   

Dammit…   

EPISODE   : Sky High   

Emporio, control the helicopter!   

I'm trying to put it back in auto-pilot!   

We're under att*ck.   

What did it do to us?   

Hurry! We're tilting down to the right!   

I can't see anything!
My eyelids won't budge!   

There's definitely something in here!   

Are you sure?
My web of strings can't detect it.   

Yeah! It slid in through the window.   

It moves quickly so I didn't notice.   

sh*t. Its speed wouldn't be a problem
if we can figure out its position!   

Can you get rid of it
if we learn its position?   

If we knew its direction of speed?   

Yeah, I'm certain of it.   

All right.   

Ermes,   

how fast are we going right now?   

Is it    kph? Or    kph?   

What?   

We're ditching this ride. Emporio!   

What?   

You're crazy, Jolyne!   

We won't survive this height!   

I can see it now!
Yes, I can read where it is!   

I got it! I smashed it!   

That wasn't the only one!   

Ermes, we can't drop any lower. Hang on!   

Emporio, are you okay?   

I can open my eyes.   

I can see again.   

What happened?   

Don't let your guard down.
They're not through with us.   

There were dozens of them!   

Also, they're not Stands.
They're living organisms!   

What are these things?   

So the enemy Stand User
can control these creatures?   

Wait, I've seen it somewhere.   

Until now,   

I couldn't even drive a car.   

But recently, I'm learning to focus.   

I have enough focus to sh**t down
a helicopter out of the air.   

I have no doubt. 

He is one of the presences I sensed. 

You must be the priest's ally.   

Rikiel, 

think of the man named Dio. 

ORLANDO STATE HOSPITAL   

Think of your bloodline,   

sons who have never known your father.   

Both of my eyelids   

close shut out of the blue.   

I always get like this.   

I went to the doctor, 

but there's nothing
physically wrong with me.   

That's all they ever say.   

I was    when it started.   

I was taking my end-of-year exam.   

Suddenly, I couldn't breathe.   

The people around me   

either pitied or ignored me.   

That made me sweat even more.   

That was the last time I went to school.   

I can't see! My eyelids! I can't breathe!   

Goodness, my hands and forehead
are covered in sweat!   

This happens when I get overwhelmed.   

Rikiel.   

I don't have an ability!   

I'm a good-for-nothing!   

But you do. I see it in you.   

You happened to never come around to it.   

Have you heard of creatures called "rods"?   

They are also known as "skyfish."   

They are cryptids. 

Not much is known about them,
and their corpses are rarely found. 

TV crews have attempted
to capture them in the past, 

but failed due to their insane speed. 

They're too fast for the naked eye, 

thus have only been seen on video footage. 

I looked into your ability disc.    

I found out that these rods    

have a habitat here in Florida.    

Are you talking about them, Father?    

I saw them. Just now!    

My eyes are open!    

Can I control these creatures,
and that's my ability?    

Did one of them touch me just now? 

No, it didn't. However… 

Rods were around me all this time.    

Now get going, Rikiel.    

Starting today, your Stand ability
shall be known as Sky High.    

Learn about the rods' mechanisms    

and use them to your advantage.    

Leave it to me. I feel like I'm reborn.    

I'm no longer a mutt panting for air. 

"Rods"?    

Yeah. If these are rods,    

we can unravel its mechanism
by finding out their sustenance.    

No one knows what they feed on.    

Rods are able to fly around
without colliding into objects. 

The secret lies in their sustenance! 

Emporio, stay back.    

Come closer, 

Jolyne Cujoh and Ermes. 

For the rods' att*ck
to deal precise damage, 

I'll just wait for them to close in… 

Hey, don't get too close to him.    

We have to learn more
about his ability first.    

He was willing to expose himself    

because the closer he is,
the more precise his att*cks are.    

He also chose a confined space
like the helicopter,    

because att*cks in an open field
won't be precise.    

Calm down. 

The range of their Stands
is less than two meters. 

They can't strike
unless they're close, either.  

Dammit!    

I parked my bike on mud.    

I have to rev it up and
move it to more solid ground.    

Where's my key? Where'd I put it?    

The rocks made a curve!    

He didn't even try to deflect the throw!    

Yeah, I have no idea how that happened.    

But Emporio,    

the rocks didn't change their course.    

One more!    

I can't breathe!    

My eyelid, it's twitching!    

There they are, Ermes.
I can see them clearly.    

They're flying all around!    

The rods are suspended in air!    

He's having a panic att*ck    

and is losing control over his ability!    

Turns out you're here
to get a good b*ating!    

There it is! I never took the key out! 

My hand!    

It was July     .    

Neil Armstrong made history
as the first man to walk on the moon    

on the Apollo    mission.    

I never understood its significance.    

It's engineers and scientists
who fly rockets to space.    

Even monkeys can become astronauts.    

But the first time
I fully caught sight of rods,    

it finally dawned on me.    

The first step on the moon
was made by humanity's willpower.    

On that same day,
humanity left the earth and evolved.    

Mental evolution is invaluable!    

My hand! It's rotting away!    

It's bloody! My pee is bloody!    

I can't feel my legs!    

What the hell did you do?    

You choose to stand in the way
of the priest's evolution.    

My hatred burns hotter than tempered iron,    

and I choose to eliminate you all!    

STAND NAME: Sky High
STAND MASTER: RIKIEL    

Jolyne Cujoh.    

You're next,
but I'll finish you all at once.    

He targets the inside of our bodies.    

Unless the att*ck is internal,    

a physical blow wouldn't
twist her up like that.    

The inside of our bodies?    

This imprint!    

I'm starting to understand.    

Jolyne, our body heat!    

Rods feed on our body heat!    

Bloody urine is caused by kidney damage.    

Jotaro's disc kept one kidney safe,    

but the other side is cool to touch
from losing body heat!    

When I was at the ghost room, 

I read something from a book
on the second row of the shelf. 

A damaged body part 

is colder than the rest of the body. 

If your hand is robbed of heat, 

the fingers curl and eventually rot. 

Chill the eyelids and they droop. 

Chill just one kidney, 

and blood enters the urine stream. 

The rods,    

they convert body heat from others
into their own energy!    

They come close, but they never touch.    

You don't realize what they've done,    

until an illness takes a toll on you.    

You little know-it-all.    

He's right,    

but I don't cause the illness to k*ll you.    

I only meant to immobilize.    

To strike you on a specific body part,
that is!    

Cooling this certain body part is fatal.    

The body part which controls
each and every organism.    

It's the brain stem!    

I will now steal your body heat
from your first vertebra.    

Now, strike!    

Jolyne, the water!
Get your head under water.    

No, Emporio. Give me your lighter.    

The ghost lighter.    

Give it to me.    

This is too reckless!    

This is nothing    

compared to everything else
we've been through.    

Compared to finding that priest,    

this is nothing.    

This bitch!    

I'm mentally stronger than her.    

Where? 

Find it, 

find a target to finish her off! 

-What the…
-She got him!    

A star-shaped birthmark.    

I don't know who you are,    

but I guess you can tell us
about the priest.    

After we give you a good b*ating, that is.    

Think of your bloodline. 

That's right, I've changed. 

No.    

Rods cannot focus on one body part    

when the target is covered in flames.    

But if I'm also covered in flames,    

I would know exactly.    

I can find your vulnerable spot    

through my own senses.    

My heart soars like Apollo   .    

Jolyne Cujoh, I will surpass you!    

Jolyne, hurry up and finish him!    

What are you doing?    

He's behind you!    

You can't see me now, can you?    

I found your weakness
by setting myself on fire.    

It's the mouth, left open to breathe!    

The thalamus is a relay station
for all sensory information. 

It sits above the upper jaw in your mouth. 

Rods enter through your mouth 

and rob your body heat away. 

The rods targeted your thalamus.    

Your eyes can't register me anymore!    

Victory is mine!
I won't have any more panic att*cks.    

I will reclaim my life!    

I am Apollo   !    

I don't need my sight. 

The rods are targeting my mouth? 

Then I won't breathe either. 

Rikiel first came after the helicopter. 

Just as I sensed
The Green Baby's position, 

and just as the priest sensed
that I've broken out… 

I will ask what you are. 

Next, I will ask 

what the priest is planning. 

Her resolve is stronger than ever before. 

Jolyne's determined to reach the priest. 

She inherited the conviction
from her father Jotaro Kujo. 

Is this the same Jolyne
who used to cry over nothing? 

You won.    

But it is I, Rikiel, who will help
the priest get to Heaven.    

Rods have already infected my body.    

The nerves in my head and body
have been cut off.    

I'm now numb to any pain or shock.    

I will fight until I die.    

Take my life in exchange for yours.    

Will you defeat me first?    

Or will the rods rob your body heat first?    

My palm extinguished the flame
covering your first vertebra!    

I'll k*ll you!    

Get her, rods!    

Jolyne!    

Jolyne!    

Jolyne!    

What is this?    

sh*t.    

I intentionally subdued the fire
covering her neck    

so that the rods can rob her body heat.    

My hand… dammit.    

My hand is numb.    

My fingers    

kept her neck safe!    

f*ck.    

-Jolyne!
-Jolyne won!    

Did you mean to keep my hand on your neck
before you b*at me down?    

Or was it all a coincidence?    

It was a fluke.    

I was desperate.    

An answer I hoped for. How kind.    

Do you mean it?    

What are you?    

Why did you go to the priest?    

Listen. I'm content right now.    

Before, I couldn't even ride a car.    

Now, I can breathe just fine.    

The priest filled a hole in my heart.    

That's why I gave up my life for him.    

Running through the priest's veins 

is the conviction of a man named Dio. 

Dio's will draws the sons to the priest. 

We are merely pawns of fate
who help the priest reach heaven.    

Jolyne Cujoh,    

you are no exception.    

You reaching Cape Canaveral
will only serve the priest's purpose.    

I now understand.    

You said so yourself,
it was a coincidence.    

You didn't mean for my hand
to stay on your neck.    

Nothing but luck.    

It doesn't matter whether I win or lose.    

I understand now.    

The priest needs your luck.    

Coincidences that tilt in your favor.    

That is what he wishes for!    

You have the strongest fate
out of anyone else.    

Is it me?    

Or is it you?    

The priest needs the one
with the stronger fate.    

The strongest power of this universe    

isn't attained through calculations.    

Fate gathers and takes shape.    

That man also has a unique fate. 

That is why the priest extracted
only his memory 

and kept him alive all this time. 

Weather Report. 

If that man breaks free,    

then it's not to help your cause.    

He will carry his powerful fate
to the priest.    

When a new star-shaped birthmark
emerged on Father Pucchi,    

the same must have appeared
on Weather's shoulder.    

He is the priest's younger brother.    

Don't waste your time listening
to his nonsense.    

My sister was k*lled    

by Sports Maximum,
who revived Dio's bones.    

Was that also for fate's sake? Bullshit.    

The priest exists
so that I can b*at him to a pulp.    

Let's go to Orlando.    

We need to go find the priest.    

Was it really a coincidence that
Jolyne didn't move Rikiel's hand? 

Or was it intentional? 

Jolyne didn't say a word
until the very end. 

RIKIEL
STAND NAME: Sky High - BEYOND RECOVERY    

FOUR MORE DAYS UNTIL THE NEW MOON    

Under Florida's transportation law, 

bikers are not legally required
to wear helmets. 

Though tragic fate may befall a biker, 

an individual's right to keep
the head uncovered is prioritized. 

They are free to choose for themselves. 

They have been free since long ago, 

and they will continue to
enjoy such freedom. 

RODS - SOMEWHERE ON THIS EARTH
Ermes,  

how fast are we going right now?  

Is it    kph? Or    kph?  

What?  

We're ditching this ride. Emporio!  

But the first time
I fully caught sight of rods,  

it finally dawned on me.  

The first step on the moon
was made by humanity's willpower.  

On that same day,
humanity left the Earth and evolved.   

Mental evolution is invaluable!   

This is nothing   

compared to everything else
we've been through.   

Compared to finding that priest,   

this is nothing.   

This bitch!   

I'm mentally stronger than her.   

I'll k*ll you!   

f*ck.   

-Jolyne!
-Jolyne won!   

That is why the priest extracted
only his memory   

and kept him alive all this time.   

Weather Report. 

He is the priest's younger brother.   

Let's go to Orlando.   

We need to go find the priest.   

EPISODE   : HEAVEN IS AT HAND:
THREE DAYS UNTIL THE NEW MOON   

GREEN DOLPHIN STREET PRISON   

ESCAPED FROM HELICOPTER   

ORLANDO   

CAPE CANAVERAL
SPACE CENTER   

ORLANDO, FLORIDA
   HOURS BY CAR TO CAPE CANAVERAL   

Hurry! Prepare Emergency Room  !   

Male, eight years old.
He's in critical condition.   

My baby, Mike!   

He will be okay. Everything will be fine.   

Hey, Jolyne.   

This is an urgent care facility.   

Is the priest really hiding here?   

He's here.   

I have no doubt.   

I don't know why he's here,   

but this is where we'll settle the score.   

THREE MORE DAYS UNTIL THE NEW MOON   

Emporio.   

Can you do me a favor?   

I want you to deliver my father's disc,
which you've kept safe for us.   

Call this number,
and the Speedwagon Foundation will come.   

I'm going inside with you.   

Of course you are,
but I want you to deliver the disc first.   

The priest must know that
I'm closing in on him.   

I don't want to be apart from you,   

but this is important.   

Hold onto this phone we took from Rikiel.   

Sorry to bother,
but I'd like your opinion.   

It concerns this meal.   

I want you to try it,
if only for a single bite.   

Versus.   

Try a bite.   

Tell me the ingredients.   

I can't eat shellfish.   

I'm very allergic to them.   

This is whitefish.   

Flounder, to be more precise.   

It also contains sliced asparagus.   

The asparagus is incorporated
into some ground crabmeat.   

It is then steamed like a flan.   

There's no shellfish in it.   

Excellent.   

I'm not done.   

Could I have another bite with the sauce?   

I smell something in the sauce.   

It may contain ground scallops   

mixed in with whipping cream.   

Unfortunately, it's just as I thought.
There's shellfish in this sauce.   

So your shoe size is   cm?   

Will you stand up for me?   

Take your time so that the g*n wound
on your leg won't open up.   

Height,    cm.   

Weight,   kg even.   

Size,   .   

Watch size is two holes up.   

Correct.   

Interesting.   

Though I won't be able to enjoy this dish,   

you were able to discern
the scallop in the sauce.   

We share a similar sense of taste.   

Interesting indeed.   

Father Pucchi,   

what are you hinting at?   

I haven't seen my ability yet,   

while our enemy draws near by the second.   

I want to serve you.   

What should I do?   

This can't be helped.   

That in itself is not a problem.   

-Mike…
-Are you okay?   

He's really close.   

He's around here.   

You haven't seen your ability,
but that can't be helped.    

Let the power take its course,
and do not try to resist.    

Because reaching heaven    

means having these factors on our side.    

Jolyne may very well forget
to check this room.    

Anyway, I ordered this item because
it's supposed to be shellfish-free.    

Feel free to eat it.    

Father Pucchi.    

I… was…    

I was…    

I was sh*t.    

The ambulance was fun.    

But my dad hates me.    

My dad is the one…    

who sh*t me!    

Honey? Honey!    

Honey!    

He got sh*t!    

Honey, no!    

This room doesn't look right.    

Where is the priest?    

What is happening?    

This situation…    

I've no doubt it's the doing
of his new ally.    

But this doesn't seem like
a Stand ability.    

He was sh*t by a real b*llet.    

And who is he?    

Who is this man?    

Why was he sh*t?    

He's an ordinary citizen!    

Evacuate everyone on this floor. Hurry!    

Y-yes sir.    

You two over there, evacuate!    

I'll call the police.    

I know, the man who got sh*t!    

They were the parents of that boy    

who rushed here in an ambulance!    

It might be a test sh*t…    

I don't know what the ability is about,    

but it could be a newly awakened ability.    

If so, the user would want
to know what it is    

by testing it out.    

What's this?    

They're on the move.    

The priest is on the run!    

He's inside this hole.    

I can sense him moving away.    

Listen Jolyne.    

Don't you dare go down that hole.    

Got that? I won't allow it.    

This is obviously a trap!    

We need to find out the connection
between this hole and the sh**ting.    

Until then, stay away from this hole!    

The hole goes sideways
to the hospital courtyard.    

I can't see any further.    

The enemy that's with the priest…    

His name is Versus.
Twenty-five years old, male.    

Listen, Jolyne.    

I'll say this again.
We won't go down this hole.    

We'll either wait for them to come out    

or chase them out like rabbits.    

Yes, this hole is an obvious trap.    

But what if the priest    

waits three more days in this hole,
until the new moon rises?    

Yes, the priest would do just that.    

He may even use this hole
to reach Cape Canaveral.    

In three days,
the priest will attain the power    

that he calls "reaching heaven."    

As of now, the priest's ability is limited    

to Pale Snake, which manipulates memories.    

We can still win.    

This is our only chance to stop him.    

We'll put him out of commission,    

or if things turn bleak,
we may even have to k*ll him.    

Hold on to this.    

Don't ever let go.    

Hey, Jolyne!    

What are you doing? I'm coming with you!    

If you come with me,
then who's going to pull me out?    

Wrap my thread around your body.    

I'll send a signal if I'm in danger.    

In that case,
do whatever it takes to pull me up.    

This is crazy. It's Jolyne's thread.    

How far can she actually go
while emitting this from her body?    

Jolyne?    

Jolyne!    

Why won't you answer me?    

Jolyne!    

This place…    

STAND NAME: Underworld
STAND MASTER: DONATELLO VERSUS    

This place…    

    ?    

What's going on?    

Look, it's her.    

She's tied to her thread.    

I'll go cut it.    

What is this place?    

Ermes, it's not looking good.
Can you hear me?    

Pull me up!    

Hurry, Ermes! This is bad.    

Get me out of here. They'll cut my thread!    

Ermes, what's taking you so long?    

Hurry, Ermes!    

Pull me up! 

Ermes! 

You should be able to hear me! 

Dammit, what's going on in there?    

She hasn't gone too deep.    

Ermes, faster!    

Pull me up with all your strength!    

I welcome you here,
even with your outside shoes on,    

and even if you didn't greet me.    

You may enter my hole as you wish.    

However, make sure to bring
all of this tightened rope with you.    

Stone Ocean!    

Hey Versus, are you hurt?    

Unlike you, who just
awakened to a Stand ability,    

Jolyne Cujoh has become an adept fighter
at The Green Dolphin.    

You could say she's a hardened fighter.    

She won't hesitate to nick a pen
from a passenger.    

Don't bother with Jolyne.    

You've done excellently, Versus.    

If Jolyne wants out, let her leave.    

She won't try to set foot
in this hole a second time.    

For the next three days,
we will bide our time in this hole.    

That will do.    

Can you hear me, Ermes? I see the light!    

I'm close to the exit. Pull me up!    

I can hear you, Jolyne!    

I caught a glimpse of you just now.
Are you hurt?    

What did you find down there?    

The enemy is looking up at me from below.    

But I also saw the priest down here.    

We have to think of other ways
to enter this hole.    

I would've been dead
if they cut off my thread.    

Now talk to me, will you?    

Huh, Ermes?    

How do you feel right now?    

You buried me alive
in a prison sewage pipe.    

How did it feel when
you finally avenged your sister?    

Sports Maximum!    

What's going on, Ermes? Get it together!    

Jolyne!    

The Earth records the past.    

It's like a magnetic tape,    

or a digital camera.    

It remembers the little boy    

who fell to the ground
after being sh*t by his father. 

Where the hell did you come from?    

It remembers a gangster
who was buried alive in a pipe.    

It also remembers every detail
of July     , seven years ago,    

when a commercial flight crashed
into the ground.    

Ermes, what're you doing up there?    

Ermes!    

Let go, jerk!    

This is Versus's ability.    

Underworld excavates.    

It unearths memories!    

f*ck!    

Jolyne!    

Attention all passengers.    

It is July   ,     ,
and time to destination is   :  .    

This aircraft will crash to the ground.    

Please turn off all electronic devices,    

and fasten your seatbelt
at your lower waist.    

Also, the face of the passenger seated
at the rear gets lodged in my stomach,    

by the crash impact.    

What's going on?    

Dammit, where is it?    

Search for the exit, Ermes.    

What is this place? Is this an illusion?    

It was on the ceiling earlier.
Find the hole where we came from.    

The walls feel just as hard
as the inside of a real plane.    

We have to find the exit!    

Did anyone come to the hospital room?    

There was commotion
over the little boy's father,    

so the police should've come.    

Didn't you see them?    

I don't know, but even if they're there,    

I couldn't hear you outside the hole.    

Are we in a commercial plane?    

I didn't see anything like this
from above!    

Please do not punch the ceiling.    

Please sit and wait quietly.    

We will crash in less than three minutes.    

I want to speak with the pilot.    

Have him land the plane immediately.    

Take us to the cockpit!    

It's no use.    

We couldn't make an emergency landing.    

That's why we crashed.    

What's wrong with her?    

We all b*rned to death.    

When the plane crashed,    

there was an expl*si*n.    

My body…    

Excuse me, I asked you to turn off
your electronic devices.    

This can't be.
I remember hearing about this incident.    

Flight     , en route to Dallas.    

This plane crashed close to Orlando
six or seven years ago.    

Are they ghosts…    

We're memories,
merely the facts of the event    

recorded by the Earth.    

Are we seriously about to crash?    

Can't you speed up the crash?    

I've been feeling
Weather Report's presence.    

They are really close to this hospital. 

Cut the chatter. You confuse me.    

Are you talking to me?    

Underworld unearths memories.    

The time of the crash was set at   :  .    

And please don't forget    

that I managed to drag Ermes along.    

I did it all for you.    

Leave this to me.    

TWO MINUTES UNTIL CRASH
Keep going.  

-Back!
-Which one are you talking about, Weather?  

Is it Jolyne, who you think
is already near the hospital?  

Or… do you mean the priest is nearby?  

No, it's all three, Anasui.  

Jolyne, the priest, and another enemy.  

I feel all three of them.  

Find them. Where are they?  

Are they inside the building?   

Attention all passengers.   

It is July   ,     ,
and time to destination is   :  .   

This aircraft will crash to the ground.   

TWO MINUTES UNTIL CRASH   

What the hell are you doing?   

Why are you messing with that door?   

We can't find the exit on the ceiling.   

The fastest way to get out
is to defeat the Stand User.   

Ermes, hold onto my thread again.   

Grab onto to a fixture.   

You, flight attendant,   

go change the door to manual mode.   

What? Hold on.   

Isn't it dangerous to open
the door mid-flight?   

Doesn't the air pressure…   

No.   

Go!   

She's riding the airflow
to strike the User!   

Mayday!   

Took a hit from a MiG.   

Lost control of the aircraft.   

This is coming to a close fast.   

Who are you?   

Doesn't matter.
Looks like the back seat was compromised.   

Check the damage for me, will you?   

What's this?   

f*ck!   

Jolyne!   

Stone Ocean!   

McCoy on the line.   

We just arrived at the scene.   

This is incomprehensible,
but there's a hole in a patient's room.   

Its depth is unknown.   

Jolyne Cujoh learned how to fight
in prison.   

She foresaw that
her launched att*ck would fail.   

She left the plane for the walkie-talkie.   

She waited for the police
to arrive at the scene.   

She knew the officers would bring radios.   

She will call her ally now.   

The frequency on those talkies
can be adjusted to dial cell phones.   

Can't you just shut up for a moment?   

Does it look like I'm losing?   

Tell me, Father. Who's winning?   

I grew up not knowing who my father was. 

I got sick of my mother and stepfather
who doted on my stepsisters, 

so I ran away from home. 

I was   . 

I meant to be gone for a few days, 

and I was wandering around,
looking for a place to sleep. 

Just then, a pair of spikes
fell from the skies. 

They were baseball spikes. 

They smelled very nice. 

Did someone toss them from a roof? 

It made no sense.
The spikes were brand new. 

They were sized   . cm. 

They were too big for my feet, 

but I liked the satisfying sounds
they made. 

I walked down the street cheerfully. 

That's when the cops pulled over
and arrested me. 

This is not a trial.   

We have questions for you.   

Okay?   

Did you steal them?   

The shoes were signed
by the baseball player Ichiro. 

The pair was originally donated
to children with disabilities. 

The collectors would pay
up to   ,    dollars for them. 

The theft was all over the news. 

I told her the truth. 

They fell from the sky.   

You should be ashamed of yourself,
stealing from children with disabilities!   

Go reflect on your actions
in juvenile detention!   

This judge sent me to juvenile detention
based solely on circumstantial evidence! 

My parents did not appeal the case. 

Four months later, 

the actual thief confessed. 

He feared Ichiro's spikes
would get traced. 

So he tossed them
down a ventilation shaft, 

and somehow the spikes fell onto my head. 

By the time my innocence was proven, 

my body and soul was already hurt. 

I couldn't even walk straight. 

Somehow, there was a hole
in the facility courtyard. 

I tripped on it and fell. 

There was a Kn*fe inside a plastic bag
buried in the ground. 

I stabbed my hand on it. 

You've done it now. 

I was hiding that Kn*fe, dammit.   

The next day, a g*ng henchman
who was three years older than I, 

b*at the life out of me. 

A doctor treated my wounds. 

Yet two weeks later, 

bloody pus and a worm gushed out. 

I also almost d*ed from a terrible fever. 

Since that day, 

I hid from society
and started to live a tiresome life. 

One time, I pissed next to a trash bin. 

The walls crumbled down, 

and a woman's skull showed itself
from the walls. 

And now, 

I finally understand
the cause of my bizarre life. 

It was my ability, Underworld! 

Yes, at last,
my ability is under control,  

but does this mean
I'm indebted to Father Pucchi? 

No. 

My father Dio's blood
runs through my veins. 

Father Pucchi, 

what makes you so much better than me? 

I can throw you into that plane. 

I haven't had a single slip-up.
Not even one! 

He rams through with his decisions,
just like that old hag of a judge. 

I'm getting really pissed at him. 

I, Versus, am invincible. 

Nothing is impossible with Underworld! 

What makes him so special? 

What if I present myself instead of him
on the new moon? 

Can I inherit the power
Dio hoped to obtain? 

I have the right too. 

I'm Dio's son! 

It's Weather Report's memory disc.    

How can I use this to my advantage?    

I want the power to go to heaven.    

Jolyne!    

Emporio, pick up the phone!    

Emporio!    

Hey you!
Tell me the model of this fighter jet!    

How do I eject?    

The seat must be able to eject somehow!    

I've seen it in movies.    

Tell me how to eject the seat!    

There's an ejection lever on the seat.    

But I didn't eject, you see.    

This jet crashed to the ground
before I could escape.    

Those are the facts.    

No one can escape this aircraft.    

Pulling the lever won't do a thing.    

What's wrong, Jolyne? 

It hasn't been that long. 

Emporio!    

I'm inside a hole at the hospital. 

Ermes is on a commercial plane
that crashed years ago. 

I'm on a fighter jet.
We're about to crash! 

Search for ways to help us! 

What?    

Father Pucchi,    

do you have any use for Jolyne's body?    

The fighter jet pilot's body
was never fully recovered.    

The impact obliterated him.    

Hello? Jolyne, take a deep breath.    

I can't tell what's going on.    

I'll head back to the hospital now.    

No, Emporio.    

I'm stuck in the memory of the past!    

We can't change the crash.    

My survival depends on getting out,
but I can't eject!    

No, we're out of time.    

There's less than a minute left.    

The fighter jet will crash
before this plane!    

You flew the fighter jet into…    

You're right, Emporio.    

It didn't explode, Emporio.    

I rammed it into the commercial plane,
but it didn't explode!    

Of course, it didn't. 

The fact is that the planes crashed. 

So the planes will eventually crash. 

Until then, they won't explode
no matter what you do.    

-Jolyne!
-I'm back!    

Emporio, what should I do next? 

Let me see.    

It's Flight      to Dallas,
a crash incident from six years ago.    

Miraculously, two passengers survived.    

I'm looking it up on my ghost computer.    

Go find those two seats!    

You may not be able to leave the aircraft,    

but the ability runs
the exact course of events.    

You can survive by sitting in those seats.    

Emporio, hurry and find out
the seat numbers! 

That's Jolyne Cujoh.    

She forges her own paths.    

Do you still think
you can finish her off, Versus?    

Shut up! 

Who does he think he is? 

Found it, Jolyne!    

A newspaper article published
the seat numbers of the two survivors.    

They're Economy class,   D and   F.    

It's at the very rear.    

It also says that
the plane crashed at   :  .    

It's all true!    

Run, Jolyne!    

The enemy Stand is here!    

It wants to get ahead of us
and destroy the seats!    

Thirty-two seconds left until impact.
This is a minor setback.    

I only have to destroy the seats.    

That's all it takes
to obliterate the fact.    

Ermes!    

Secure the seats!    

We only have to sit in those seats
and survive the crash.    

Then, we can face the Stand User!    

Let's make it out of this alive    

and defeat the Stand User!    

The seats are still intact,
but their attempt is futile.    

There's only    seconds left.    

I'll say this again. 

The only safe seats are   D and   F.    

Don't sit anywhere else! 

According to the article,    

all other seats were destroyed
in an expl*si*n on impact.    

It was a fluke caused
under miraculous circumstances. 

The two seats were in an air pocket. 

Once you sit down, buckle up. 

Guard yourselves with your Stands,
or you won't survive! 

Move! I'm taking this seat!    

What are you doing--    

Shut up and scram!    

You are nothing but recorded facts.    

No more than memories of survivors!    

You're not the people nor their souls.    

The real old man is alive and happy.    

Get out of my way.
Jolyne, we don't have time.    

Let's buckle up--    

Move, brat!    

You're in our seat!    

Hold on, Ermes.    

Where the hell did you come from?    

This isn't my room.    

Where am I?    

I'm supposed to take my medication
after my nap.    

You came down from the ceiling!    

Don't tell me you're…    

This can't be!    

They're not illusions, or even passengers!    

Where's the nurse?    

She's a real girl!    

The assh*le pushed these kids
down the hole!    

What?    

No need to destroy the seats. 

Jolyne Cujoh. 

Don't forget to buckle up. 

Go on, push them out of the way
and take a seat.    

That way, you two will survive.    

Physically speaking, that is.    

Once you crawl out of that plane alive,    

you won't be able to bear the guilt.    

Guilt that you sacrificed children's lives
to save your own.    

Will you be able to fight me
with so much guilt on your shoulders?    

You won't be so cocky then.    

Underworld may not be
suitable for combat,    

but it can deal enough damage
to finish off such guilt-ridden fools.    

Jolyne? What's going on? Hello?    

What's happening? Who are you talking to?    

Dammit, the plane is beginning to shake!    

We'll put each child in our laps.    

No, we'll all die.
Each seat can only fit one person!    

And there are three children!    

Are we in your seats?    

It takes me a second to stand up.    

Sorry, we'll get out of your way.
You can have your seat back.    

It's time. Two seconds,    

one second, brace for impact.    

Jolyne!    

STAND NAME: Kiss
STAND MASTER: ERMES COSTELLO    

The victory is yours, Versus.    

But I saw three children.    

That's one too many.    

Don't you feel guilty?    

No, it wasn't my fault.    

I was forced to do this
because Jolyne called her ally.    

Jolyne kept resisting
by finding the survivors' seats.    

Not to mention, I did this for you,    

Father Pucchi.    

Look, Versus.    

That's Ermes's sticker.    

The surviving old man.    

The fact of the matter is
that the survivors didn't die.    

That's Ermes's sticker.    

She copied the survivors    

and kept the children safe
inside their bodies.    

Ermes! That means…    

Where is Jolyne Cujoh?    

Ermes!    

Ermes!    

She lodged herself
in the body of the other survivor!    

Dammit, Ermes! 

But Jolyne is dead!    

Jolyne has nowhere to turn!    

If I were you,    

I'd think this through more carefully.    

assh*le, whose side are you on--    

Jolyne unraveled her body into threads
as much as she could.    

She then hid inside my body,
surviving the crash.    

Good grief.    

Jolyne Cujoh isn't filled with guilt,    

but rather coming at you,
burning with wrathful justice.    

What will you do now, Versus?    

Underworld!    

You won't be digging a hole    

or excavating memories any longer.    

You're finally ours,    

Father Pucchi!    

Can I finish off the priest?    

Or should we do this together?    

Unfortunately, Versus,
it looks like you lost.    

Jolyne Cujoh's gravitational pull to me    

was much stronger than yours.    

Let's finish him off, Jolyne!    

This groundhog is done for!    

Weather Report!    

What the hell? What did he just do?    

Jolyne, finish him off!    

When did you take it from me?    

Was it when Jolyne blasted you?    

Give it back immediately.    

It belongs to me.    

You don't understand what you're doing.    

Sorry, but I'm not going to die here,    

Father Pucchi.    

My ability finally awakened.    

I've never had anything to live up to.    

I'm finally starting to understand
why I was born.    

You don't understand anything.    

His memory must stay with me,    

at least for another three days.    

I won't end here!    

I have the right to become happy!    

What are you saying?    

What are you guys talking about?    

Jolyne,    

finish him off already!    

It's too late.    

You can't finish me.    

He will regain his memory.    

I know it because I read his memory.    

He's not the ally you think he is.    

Memory?    

Is he talking about Weather Report?    

Did he throw Weather's disc?    

Weather Report is more than
a convict with amnesia.    

He doesn't remember how his ability works.    

His brother, Father Pucchi,
sealed away his demonic powers!    

He is the priest's younger brother.    

So Rikiel was telling the truth,
they really are…    

Weather Report and Father Pucchi?    

So you used Underworld    

to read the disc's recorded facts.    

Versus!
You are nothing but a thatched hut.    

You have no place in the grand purpose
Dio and I have fought for!    

He's starting to remember.    

Look, he's here.    

Rainbows. There are rainbows!
The devil's rainbows!    

It's Heavy Forecast!    

Weather, what's the matter?    

Where's Jolyne? Why are you crouching?    

Weather, what's wrong?    

What are you doing?    

What's your problem, punk?    

I was sitting here first.    

Don't touch me, I'll k*ll you!    

THREE MORE DAYS UNTIL THE NEW MOON
Weather Report!  

When did you take it from me?  

Was it when Jolyne blasted you?  

Give it back immediately.  

It belongs to me.  

You don't understand what you're doing.  

He's starting to remember.  

Look, he's here.  

Rainbows. There are rainbows!
The devil's rainbows!   

It's Heavy Forecast!   

Weather, what's the matter?   

What are you doing?   

What's your problem, punk?   

I was sitting here first.   

Don't touch me, I'll k*ll you!   

Hey! You can't take
an injured person's seat--   

Stop fussing.   

You want him to sit, do you?   

He can sit on you then.   

Weather! What are you doing?   

He's not an enemy!   

He's just a nurse!   

Now, sit all you want, crutch guy.   

I've never felt better.   

Wait up!   

Weather, where do you think you're going?   

Weather? Don't Weather me.   

So I go by Weather Report now.   

Not a bad name.   

What happened to him? 

It's as if… 

he's gained an entirely new personality! 

EPISODE   : HEAVY FORECAST ( )   

Rainbows!   

Rainbows are closing in on us!   

Jolyne, we have no time to waste!   

This looks serious!   

It's over!   

Meet your end!   

-What the hell?
-Ermes?   

What just happened?   

-Was it an illusion?
-This is bad.   

Your life is in danger, but so is mine.   

You untied yourself.   

I'm warning you.   

Don't touch those rainbows.   

Those are Weather Report's rainbows
Father Pucchi sealed up!   

Weather Report's Stand ability
controls the weather.   

Do you understand what this means?   

With his memory restored,
he can even destroy the ozone layer.   

The ozone is even higher than the sky.   

What could come
from messing with the ozone?   

I can only say that it won't end well,   

but we're all in danger.   

The survival of humanity is at stake!   

It was a risky sacrifice,   

but I used Weather Report
to save my skin!   

What did the ozone do to my Kiss?   

Answer me. Do these rainbows mean
that Weather's memory is back?   

The rainbows come out
from his subconscious.   

Weather Report's Stand
has an a*t*matic att*ck.   

The weather is a complex phenomenon.   

His ability manifests in ways
he doesn't realize.   

His memory should never
have been returned to him.   

I'll tell you this.   

To stop the rainbows,
you must k*ll Weather,   

or extract his memory again.   

Jolyne, can you k*ll Weather?   

If not, then humanity may end
before the new moon.   

Though, I won't end here.   

You shouldn't let Versus escape.   

Versus fled, Jolyne!   

There are two women here!   

-Officer!
-Officer!   

This is…   

Was the hole this shallow?   

He deactivated Underworld and took off!   

Where did they go?   

Did you see two men running off?   

Which way did they go?   

Before we get to that,   

I've seen your faces…   

On a wanted fugitives list!   

Rainbows. Just what is going on?   

It's everywhere!   

Hey!   

What's going on?   

You two!   

You're the escaped convicts!   

Don't go anywhere!   

Get over here!   

-Don't touch the rainbows!
-Stay away from them!   

Jolyne!   

What do we do?   

This is terrible!   

What is going on?   

Anyone who touches a rainbow
secretes snails!   

I've seen Weather rain down
frogs in a storm. 

But these snails are entirely different. 

How does this phenomenon relate
to Weather Report 

and his ability to manipulate the weather? 

Not only that, 

once infected by the snails,
people are losing their minds.  

You can't run!    

What is going on?    

Ermes!    

Jolyne! Are you okay?    

Yeah.    

Ermes.    

Compared to normal people,
Stand Users may have a tolerance    

to this kind of phenomenon.    

So Jolyne,    

who should we target?    

Who do we need to defeat?    

Is Weather Report an enemy,    

or do we keep going after the priest?    

Tell me, who do we get rid of?    

Weather Report, with his memories,
is our enemy!    

No! Weather Report is our ally.    

He's not our enemy!    

We have to find Versus.    

Just like the priest said,    

we can't let Versus go free.    

His ability is to excavate memories.    

Maybe we can unearth
Weather's memory disc,    

and stop this bizarre phenomenon.    

I like your line of thinking.    

But first,    

we need to get out of this hospital!    

Hey! Where are you headed, Weather?    

Is that where Jolyne is?    

Tell me!    

sh*t.    

I want it. 

I want that power. 

I need to get it before the priest! 

The power to attain heaven. 

I want to live a good life! 

What should be my next course of action? 

Underworld! 

Found it.    

The memory of the ground
when these two arrived at the hospital.    

Ermes.    

Now is our chance,
when we go after Father Pucchi.    

So don't worry.    

What?    

My father's disc can be sent
to the Speedwagon Foundation,    

while we have Father Pucchi's attention.    

Emporio will not fail.    

Father will finally come back to us.    

So Emporio is the ally's name
whom Jolyne was calling.    

I have to find him.    

It's someone
even the priest wasn't aware of.    

I don't know what Emporio looks like,    

since I haven't dug up a memory of him.    

But with all this commotion going on,    

Jotaro Kujo's disc must still be with him.    

He hasn't gotten it to this foundation.    

Jotaro's disc gave the priest
the idea of getting into heaven.    

If I get a hold of that disc,    

even I can go to heaven!    

The rainbows are my chance!    

Jotaro's disc belongs to me!    

These snails are multiplying so fast,
they've covered the entire floor!    

They won't stop reproducing!    

Snails are asexual.    

They pierce each other with love darts.    

Both snails then give birth
to dozens of baby snails!    

Good grief.    

They have sex with anything
that comes their way?    

I'm a bit jealous… I mean, that's creepy.    

-Ermes!
-Got it.    

Kiss!    

Stone Ocean!    

No User has two Stands. 

Weather Report can only
control the weather. 

But this is entirely different. 

Just what is going on? 

STAND NAME: Weather Report
STAND MASTER: Weather Report    

Back when life first began to emerge
in the form of plants, 

oxygen began to form. 

Oxygen is made up of O , 

which bonds with a third oxygen molecule. 

Ozone consists of O  molecules. 

The ozonosphere occurs
at altitudes of    kilometers 

to    kilometers. 

If this ozone layer
were compromised in any way, 

what would become of life on Earth? 

Humans cannot predict
irregularities in weather patterns. 

We can only analyze past weather patterns 

collected over decades. 

I'm going ahead!    

Where is he? He has to be here.    

He must be close by.    

I'll find him and seize the disc,    

before it's handed to that foundation!    

He'll probably head to the hospital    

because he won't abandon Jolyne!    

The one who goes in to find Jolyne
must be Emporio!    

He'll be the one who's going
opposite everyone else.    

Dammit! I refuse to lose! 

I'm going to live a happy life! 

Jolyne, I wish I could help.    

But…    

I have to go deliver this disc
to the Foundation's messenger!    

I promised Jolyne to get
her father's disc to the Foundation.    

The Foundation rep said
to meet in five minutes!    

Dammit!    

What the hell?    

No one is headed toward the hospital!    

He has to be in the area.    

I just know it!    

Hello? Jolyne?    

Hello?    

I got you now.    

Thanks, Underworld.
The earth never fails me.    

The memory of Jolyne had his number!    

Emporio relayed the survivors'
seat numbers to Jolyne 

using his cell phone! 

Meaning, Jolyne knows his cell number! 

Who would've thought
Emporio was a little boy?    

Even the priest
didn't know about this kid.    

What's this? He doesn't have the disc.    

Moreover, he doesn't have his
phone either.    

He had it a moment ago!    

Hold on, I need to keep my head cool.    

I can excavate to learn
what he did with the disc.    

I can watch him put it away!    

Oh, sh*t.    

It's them!    

-Are you sure he came this way, Jolyne?
-Yeah.    

I feel his presence over here.    

I'm sure I saw Emporio going this way.    

Wait, do you think he's after Emporio?    

Impossible.    

Even the priest doesn't know
about Emporio, so how can Versus know?    

-That's…
-Emporio!    

Watch out! Jump!    

Disgusting!    

These are real, all right.    

Not illusions.    

So slimy and gross.    

Ermes!    

Jolyne, go without me.    

Go find Emporio!    

That was definitely him getting dragged.    

I don't know how he found out,
but Versus is after Emporio.    

Stone Ocean!    

Dammit.    

My rope!    

My movements are slowed to snail's pace!    

Emporio!    

If you can hear me, pull on my rope!
Grab onto it!    

Forty-five, sixty!    

Hut!    

Jolyne!    

This is Florida.    

I dug up memories about the Superbowl.    

Jolyne Cujoh,    

the quarterback will carry you
all the way to the touchdown line.    

My thread!    

You are too slow to do anything.    

Bye. You're too far away now.    

Yikes, I shouldn't touch these snails.    

I wasn't wrong.    

He had Jotaro's disc just moments ago.    

A second later,
his disc suddenly disappears.    

He must have used his Stand ability.    

He's able to stash things
with his ability.    

Then where did he put the disc?    

I should check again.    

What?    

Where's Jolyne?    

She's a snail. She can't move quickly!    

Unbelievable, she caught up to him.    

She rolled over!    

She squeezed into a streetlight pole
that broke in half.    

Now that her body has turned gooey,
she can easily fit in a metal pole!    

Underworld!    

I didn't expect you to roll yourself over,    

but this doesn't change a thing.    

You are still powerless
against my Underworld!    

I excavated a certain memory.    

Memory of ocean water
evaporating and leaving salt!    

Snails and slugs can't stand salt!    

What?    

sh*t, where is it?    

I know you have the disc somewhere.    

You've hidden it somewhere.    

Where did you stash it?    

I see, so our Stands work similarly.    

His Stand controls
the memories of objects.    

I did it!    

I found Jotaro's memory disc!    

It's mine now!    

I win!    

And now, finally,    

I'm a step closer to the heaven
that priest is after!    

Jolyne!    

I'm sorry, Emporio.    

I used you as bait.    

You touched me,    

and he touched you.    

Feeling the sensation… All at once…    

I'm so slow!    

Damn right, he's ours now!    

Nice going, Jolyne!    

Emporio.    

It's no use.    

The Speedwagon Foundation's messenger
can't enter the city limits.    

He's just standing by.    

Is that right?    

Nicely done.    

You got it, carjacker.    

Let me set things straight.    

I've never stolen a car.    

I'm messing with you.    

You're coming with us.    

Don't even think about running again.    

I know.    

What's this?    

Are these the driver's shells? 

But why just shells? 

Shells here too. 

Okay, I'm catching on. 

I don't know what Weather did
to transform people into snails.    

But I do know what lies ahead of us.    

The snails' natural enemies
which feed on them.    

Snails can only move slowly,    

so they often die like this.    

These beetles stick their heads
inside the shells    

and devour the snails!    

That's why these beetles are called
snail eaters!    

These buggers!    

Hey Weather!    

I said wait up! Hey!    

What's going on?    

Did you cause this?    

Weather! What have you done?    

Silence, Anasui.    

He is closing in on us.    

He is within a   -meter radius.    

Him? You mean, Father Pucchi?    

He's here.    

My sole purpose in life    

is to settle my score with him.
June  th,     . 

On a hot humid night,
deep in the southern United States, 

one baby let out his first cry
in a hospital. 

However, this baby took his last breath
in his mother's arms 

before even seeing the first light of day. 

Until this point in her life,
this young mother had a hard life, 

and felt hopelessly miserable. 

This baby had become
her only pride and joy, 

and her only hope for a bright future. 

Thus, she refused
to accept the baby's death. 

Before the doctor and the nurses
saw that the baby d*ed, 

the mother slipped out of her bed
like a ghost. 

She found another baby
born on the same day, 

and left her dead baby in its place. 

She then kept the baby as her own. 

The swapped baby had a fraternal twin. 

She was never questioned, 

and no one suspected foul play. 

Mommy, whose grave is this?   

That's my birthday.   

He d*ed the same day?   

Enrico,   

you had a younger brother.   

He was your twin,   

but he d*ed at the hospital
moments after you were born.   

Pray for him.   

After his passing,   

we named him Domenic.   



Oh Lord, answer my plea.   

My brother passed away
on the day we were born.   

Why did fate choose him and not me?   

Why… must there be
happiness and misfortune?   

What is true happiness?   

Father Pucchi was
   years old at the time. 

His paternal grandmother
was an Italian immigrant. 

She came from a family with ties
to a prestigious clan in Venice 

which hailed a well-known clergyman
in the   th century. 

When the young man showed interest
in pursuing priesthood, 

no one spoke out against this decision. 

What did you do? Who are you?   

What are you doing here?   

Hey!   

Is this your book?   

This is a famous autobiography of a cleric
who had an affair with a married woman.   

He later left the church
and became a painter.   

Do clergymen read such books?   

Who are you, and how did you get inside?   

This ossuary is closed to the public
except on Sundays.   

You see, I'm allergic to sunlight.   

The sun won't set until  :   p.m. tonight.   

I'm unable to leave until then,   

so that's why I was resting here.   

All right.   

Is there anything I can do for you?   

No.   

I see.   

I pity you.   

I won't tell Father about this,   

so you should leave at sunset.   

You're an interesting fellow.   

What's that?   

You won't force me to leave?   

I could be a thief who snuck in
to steal the artwork here,   

or even worse.   

Or maybe you're just
saying that I can stay,   

but you're going to report me.   

Is that your wish?   

No thief would lie and say
that they're allergic to sunlight.   

Not even the devil
would tell a lie like that.   

Hold on.   

Did you sprain your ankle?   

Was that my fault? Are you hurt?   

Oh, no.   

It's not your fault. I was born with this.   

My left toes are bent,   

but I can walk around just fine.   

Do you believe in the force of gravity?   

You tripped on me for a reason.   

What are you saying?   

Take this stone arrowhead.   

If you have no use for it, that's fine.   

But isn't it gravity
that draws people to each other?   

I don't know
what impression you have of me,   

but I travel to meet people.   

If you ever wish to see me again,   

wish upon this arrow and call me.   

No matter how far in the future
that may be.   

Do you understand?   

Just keep me in your back burner.   

At sunset,   

I will leave.   

What's this?   

My foot! The toes!   

They're straight!   

Wait! Who are you?   



Father.   

Please hear me out.    

I must confess my sins.    

Sorry,    

let me go get the priest…    

My body is stricken with an illness.    

I don't have much longer.    

But my confession
isn't about this illness.    

It concerns my family.    

It was    years ago, on June  th.    

My baby d*ed,
so I took another woman's baby,    

and swapped the two babies
while no one was looking.    

I took one of the twins.    

I cannot express how terrible I feel
for the baby's mother.    

But I poured my heart
into raising this baby.    

I had a happy life.    

He grew up to be a great boy.    

Shouldn't I tell him that
he has a twin brother    

before I leave this world?    

What if I tell him the truth,    

and my son leaves me before I die?    

So…    

Do you know the other family?    

They live in a large estate
in the neighboring town.    

The couple's name is Pucchi.    

Seriously?    

What's so good about a juice delivery boy?    

Gross.    

I bet he's a coward.    

-I love that.
-Forget him, his family's probably poor.    

He doesn't even go to high school.    

That's why he works.    

Perla, isn't that your bag?    

He snatched it!    

Thief!    

Someone stop him!    

-Woo-hoo!
-Yes!    

Oh, crap!    

I broke the store window.    

I'll get fired from
this part-time delivery job.    

My school doesn't even allow
students to work.    

Weather Report's real name
is Wes Aquamarine. 

He was    at the time. 

He was innocent
in every sense of the word, 

and he relentlessly pursued justice. 

Well… Thanks.    

That was my bag he tried to steal.    

I'll tell everyone that
the thief smashed the window.    

-Really?
-Of course.    

Now go.    

I'm Wes.    

People call me Weather.    

Can I see you again?    

Two months have passed
since that confession. 

Father Pucchi was under distress. 

Though not yet appointed a priest, 

he is obliged to keep the privacy
of the believers. 

He must keep the confession a secret. 

Otherwise, 

he would be deemed unworthy
as a clergyman. 

That mother wants to
take her secret to her grave. 

Had I been able to
convince her to tell the truth, 

how will we cope,
and how will my younger brother react? 

Will we be able to
treat our families the same? 

I'm home.    

Welcome back.    

Why are you spaced out on the porch?    

Did something happen at school?    

Please, Enrico.    

Don't tell Mom and Dad about this!    

What?    

My grades are slipping.    

I'll make up for it,
but there's something on my mind.    

I'm dating someone.    

We met only two weeks ago,    

but I really like him.    

It's like our hearts are connected.
I've never felt like this.    

I'm happy for you, Perla.    

Enrico…    

Let me tell you how this went. 

Father Pucchi never told his sister Perla, 

that Weather was their biological brother. 

I want you to judge
the rest of the events. 

Who committed a sin? 

Is it the mother, who swapped the babies? 

Or is it Father Pucchi's parents? 

Is it Father Pucchi? 

Is it the younger brother Weather,
who knows nothing? 

Father Pucchi looked into Weather,
the man his sister loved. 

After learning the shocking truth, 

Father Pucchi had only one choice to make. 

I can't let my sister get hurt,
no matter what! 

You're that wealthy kid
who goes to divinity school.    

Should you be doing this?    

If you succeed, I'll give you double.    

I have two requests.    

One, do not ask any questions.    

Two, make them break up.    

If I can get some thugs to thr*aten Wes, 

he'll break up with my sister. 

That's all Perla will experience, 

nothing but an ordinary heartbreak. 

This won't leave a permanent scar. 

However, Father Pucchi
barely knew anything 

about this private investigator,
a jack of all trades. 

How keen he was to information,
nor the darkness he carried. 

It is the darkness this society had,
which was allowed by law a century ago. 

It is a despicable old history. 

I can't believe what I learned
about Wes's birth.    

In     , his mother married    

a black man in the city.    

That makes him the son of a black man.    

The private detective
gathered other zealots. 

Weather!    

Perla…    

What are you doing? You're all drunk!    

We won't hurt you.    

He's the one we need to punish.    

Come give me a kiss.    

One for this officer too!    

You're a whore pretending to be
a proper little missy.    

Fool around with whomever you want,    

but this bastard isn't allowed
to kiss you, not even a little.    

Your brother wanted this done.    

And as for the woman
who gave birth to you,    

we set her house on fire.    

Who was the one truly being punished? 

Was it Weather, Perla, or… 

They all tried to love in their own ways. 

These are the facts. 

Father Pucchi's love
brought the worst outcome. 

Weather was hung high
on a tree by a cliff, 

and left to die. 

Perla truly had a pure heart, 

which was filled with a soft breeze
until this moment. 

Their love was like the warm spring sun. 

However… 

In my heart,    

there will never be another drop of rain.    

And with those words, 

Perla threw herself down
into the lake below the cliff. 

She did not know
that Weather had a slight pulse. 

Why? 

How could this happen? 

Why did I pursue the path of priesthood? 

Why do people meet? 

Had they never met, 

this would have never happened. 

No!    

Stop that!    

Don't make the sign of the cross
at my sister!    

Dammit.    

Please, just don't take Perla's life!    

Perla is innocent.    

She only fell in love!    

I'll do anything to bring her back!    

I'm the one who should be punished!    

Do you believe in the force of gravity?    

We met for a reason.    

If you wish, 

come see me. 

It's him.    

That was his voice.    

I want to see him.    

He once healed my bent toes
in the ossuary.    

Why did I forget about him until now?    

That's right, he gave me…    

an arrowhead-like thing.    

What is going on?    

The arrowhead in my pocket?    

Once a life is lost,    

you cannot bring it back.    

But it's up to you.    

If you wish from deep within your heart,    

you can retrieve her memory.    

It's the memories of her heart.    

This is your awakening. 

Who the hell are you?    

The idiot who wanted
an affair investigated?    

If you don't want to get sh*t,
show your dirty face--    

What's this?    

If you know, then tell me.    

What?    

I heard you know everything.    

What made these snails emerge
out of the blue?    

Where do they come from?    

Why is it only happening near me?    

Who the hell are you?    

You said Perla's brother
asked you to split us.    

Is that true?    

No, you can't be…    

What are these snails?    

Damn. I knew it, I can't die.    

The g*n is soaked.    

But only when I try to sh**t myself.    

Why am I still alive?    

Weather was full of rage. 

He was enraged at those
who persecuted him, 

at the fact that he was alive, 

and that he couldn't save Perla. 

Once Weather learned about Perla's death, 

he jumped off the cliff. 

Just then,
there was a strong gust of wind. 

He also tried to drown himself
in the lake, 

but the waves brought him back to shore. 

Why won't you let me die with Perla? 

His anger was one of despair. 

His vengeance spread to all,
not just to the townspeople. 

On the fourth night, 

a horde of snails swarmed the town. 

Why snails? 

Where did they come from? 

No one knew. 

The only one who understood
the cause of this incident 

was Father Pucchi,
who woke up in a hospital. 

Wes… no, Weather did this.    

My brother isn't dead.    

We are twins.    

My awakening led to his.    

Just as I sought her memory,
so did Weather, though subconsciously.    

If these snails are here to
crawl up my arm,    

then I have to go k*ll my brother.    

I will resort to any and every method
from now on.    

I will even take lives.    

Once my score with Weather is settled, 

I will go see him. 

His name is Dio. 

Why do people's paths cross? 

If anyone can tell me, it's him. 

I must know it. 

The answer to this question
is the strongest power in this world. 

It must also be the truth. 

Are you satisfied?    

Your sister Perla d*ed
because of your request.    

And…    

I can't suppress my rage.    

We have a score to settle.    

You're wrong.    

It's because I am your older brother.    

But that ends today.    

Weather, meet your end.    

Weather, you are in my way.    

Now die,    

and take those rainbows with you.    

Vanish with Perla and all your memories.    

A man with no memories
might as well be dead.    

Live as if you're dead trapped in a cage.    

Inmate MA      . 

Imprisoned! 

My sole purpose in life    

is to settle my score with him.    

So you've been revived.    

Your memories returned!    

But I thought you were
going to meet up with Jolyne!    

I'm only with you to find Jolyne!    

You shouldn't go find Jolyne.    

It'll be a waste of time.    

Moreover,    

I need someone to finish me off.    

k*ll me.    

I'm counting on you, Anasui.    

That's why these beetles are called
snail eaters!    

These buggers!    

Get in, guys!    

They're coming in through the cracks!    

What do we do, Jolyne?    

Whether inside or outside the car,    

it's over once we get devoured.    

We'll go meet up with Weather
as we're being eaten!
Do you believe in the force of gravity? 

We met for a reason. 

Why? 

How could this happen? 

Why won't you let me die with Perla? 

I can't suppress my rage.  

We have a score to settle.  

Weather, meet your end.  

A man with no memories
might as well be dead.   

EPISODE   : HEAVY FORECAST ( )   

Dumbass!   

Drive straight, idiot!   

This better not be on purpose.   

I can't even think about messing around!   

Look, it's trying to eat me!   

Weather…   

What?   

I sense Weather's presence near Pucchi's!   

Are they together?   

I can't tell,
but they're near one another.   

Weather! 

What did you say? k*ll you?   

-Yes.
-Don't mess with me!   

What is going on? Why do you say that?   

In     ,   

the same phenomenon struck my hometown.   

What?   

It seems that something deep within
my heart is wreaking this havoc.   

So your memories came back.   

Then fix this mess!   

I can't control this power.   

k*ll me, and the Stand disappears.   

I feel a sense of guilt
about turning people into snails,   

but I abhor my life.   

A part of me feels satisfied
to see this phenomenon.   

You…   

Jolyne better not be turning into a snail.   

Try not to move.   

I can't even begin to guess,   

but it's likely that touching the snails
triggers metamorphosis.   

Moreover,   

I need someone to finish me off.   

Stop with your bullshit.   

Tell me where Jolyne is, right now!   

I'll tell you after my score
with Pucchi is settled.   

Like I said, he is very close.   

W-What?   

He's here.   

My sole purpose in life   

is to settle my score with him.   

I'm also doing this for F.F.   

I have to stop Pucchi
from using Jolyne's father's memory.   

It's time to put an end to everything.   

I will finish off Pucchi.   

Once I do, k*ll me.   

Do you understand?   

All right.   

I also owe him one for F.F., too.   

I'll see you through.   

So where's the priest?   

North? Or south?   

It's not even a matter of the direction.   

He's already here.   

He's within our   -meter radius.   

He's not underground.
I checked with Diver Down.   

Are you sure he's moving through
these swarms of snails   

to close in on us?   

Weather Report!   

There's no disruption in the air flow.   

Nothing is breathing or moving.   

What about inside the cars, Weather?   

Weather!   

I am painfully aware
of your control over the weather.   

Every living thing, animals, and insects,
turns into snails in this phenomenon.   

Once I learned how the weather works,   

I no longer fear touching the snails!!   

I now know why it happens.   

When I extracted your memory in     ,   

I overcame this Stand,
though it almost cost me my life!   

You…   

Pucchi, you bastard!   

You are also finished.   

You should have served
your prison sentence   

instead of getting involved
with Jolyne and me.   

Dammit…   

Why? 

Why isn't Pucchi affected? 

How do these snails work? 

Tell me, Weather! 

This will do.   

If you are going to die, Weather,
I hope it takes a few more hours.   

That's why I blasted your leg off.   

That should be enough time for your Stand   

to eliminate anyone who gets in my way.   

The one who will help me get to heaven,   

it's none other than you, Weather.   

The new moon rises in three days.   

Then, everything will begin.   

The thing that The Green Baby sought    

and the heaven that Dio hoped to reach
is inside my body.    

I submerged Diver Down…    

into Weather's body!    

Weather Report!    

Grab hold of the priest, Weather!    

His Stand is inept at fighting!    

Once you grab him, you can overpower
him with your gust of wind!    

Now, grab him! Don't let him get away!    

What?    

Weather!    

Damn it, why am I turning?    

I haven't touched any snails!    

Pucchi!    

What the hell did you do?    

Tell me!    

It's subliminal.    

Like hidden words in a poster, 

indiscernible words
are incorporated in images. 

Or a single frame
is inserted into a film reel. 

Though imperceptible they may be, 

the subconscious retains that information.    

That's the definition
of subliminal messaging in psychology.    

It's an effect on the subconscious.    

Subliminal messages easily enter the mind
and stimulate instinct    

more effectively than direct methods.    

They powerfully influence
and take over human behavior.    

Weather Report's rainbows    

are sending subliminal messages
in the form of the weather.    

The image is seeping into the hearts
of everyone in the city.    

Are images of snails
hidden in the rainbows? 

Do rainbows stimulate primitive instincts? 

Anyone who sees the rainbow 

starts to believe that
they are turning into a snail. 

This strong belief forces the body
into metamorphosis. 

What? What did you just explain?    

This is the answer.    

It's the mechanism of
Weather Report's ability I sealed.    

My hometown was affected by his powers
long ago.    

When I saw a blind old woman
unaffected by the phenomenon,    

I realized how his ability works.    

She was blind? That means…    

Weather,    

I don't need vision to see where you are.    

I've extracted my sight,
but I can sense you.    

Let me tell you.    

It's too late to close your eyes,
Anasui.    

Once the subliminal message settles
in your brain, you cannot undo its effect.    

This phenomenon will not end
until Weather dies.    

I'll take the other leg, for good measure.    

You will never stand again.    

Diver Down!    

Don't let your rash feelings take over.    

We must all get to heaven.    

My purpose can bring
all human beings to heaven.    

You are getting in my way.    

You're letting a few deaths dictate
the fate of the masses!    

Domine quo vadis? 

You shall be crucified!    

What… just stabbed me?    

This is your doing, Weather.    

What are you doing?    

What is this sound?    

What are you scheming to do?    

This Weather Report ability
is something I can control.    

I can take my time.
What counts is that I form them.    

They can be simple!    

The blood was blown upwards,
then frozen with a cold draft. 

He's making spikes in the blood puddles. 

The priest can't see them! 

What will you choose?    

Yes, it's your choice to stay blind,    

but you may also choose to see
what's happening for yourself!    

Trip, and your life will end.    

I'm coming for you now.    

STAND NAME: PALE SNAKE
STAND MASTER: FATHER PUCCHI    

Pucchi, you have no way to escape.    

Will you restore your sight?    

Do it. I'll reflect the rainbows
right into your face.    

Weather just has to grab Pucchi.    

Pale Snake is no match
for Weather Report.    

Weather will win.    

I knew you'd resist somehow.    

No, you won't just let me leave.    

Not after regaining those memories.    

And yet!    

Anasui!    

Eyes are everywhere.    

I used them to get this far.    

Anasui, do me a favor.    

Be my eyes.    

Tell me what you see.    

Tell me the dangers that surround me.    

What is Weather doing?    

He used his spilled blood to make spikes
that protrude from the ground.    

Three spikes right behind you.    

Four more to your right.    

I see.    

Will you guide me out of this spike trap?    

Continue.    

Take three steps,
and six spikes lie ahead.    

Turn left.    

Weather.    

You were cursed from the moment
you were born.    

Stay down.    

Your life is fated for doom.
Nothing can save it.    

It would've been better
if you had lost your memories forever.    

Turn left and take five steps.    

Face right, and you are out.    

Okay. Five steps.    

That's right. Five more steps.    

Also, I just noticed this.    

Since I can see it, I'll tell you.    

There's one more spike.    

I didn't notice it until now
since I was looking down at the ground.    

One of them pierced through your shoulder.    

Weather is freezing your blood.    

Oh, too late.    

A cheap trick!    

It's not a trick.    

Weather is stronger than you.    

Weather is going to win!    

This wind pressure!    

I must get out of Weather's att*ck range!    

Just evade once.    

He just has enough strength left
for one att*ck!    

Take your own blood spikes!    

It's useless!    

Weather can dodge your throw easily!    

Yes, he will dodge. 

When he does, the wind pressure
will shift its direction. 

That's my chance to escape! 

You're mine now.    

I finally have you.    

He didn't dodge.    

Weather caught the priest
by freezing more blood!    

Weather has him in his range!    

Is he dead?    

Let go, Weather.    

I had every chance to finish you off
inside Green Dolphin Street Prison.    

But… I hoped to save you one day.    

That's why I took your memory only.    

I'm not pleading for my life
to save my own skin.    

Prime numbers. 

-I did it for you, my younger brother.
-Two, 

Three, 

-It was for the ability to get to heaven.
-Five. 

Someone must reach heaven one day.    

Seven. 

-Don't do this, Weather.
-Eleven. 

-Stop trying to end your life and mine!
-Thirteen. 

Seventeen. 

You do not realize your own evil.    

You are the worst form of evil.    

-Nineteen.
-He's horrified.    

The priest's face is frozen with despair.    

Twenty-three. 

Stop this, Weather. You are wrong!    

You are nothing but a cursed man!    

-And yet, I kept you alive!
-You are finished now,    

Father Pucchi!    

What the hell are you doing?    

I said I'll k*ll you if
you do anything suspicious!    

No! A dust storm suddenly started.    

Something like a screw busted the tire!    

I lost control!    

He's close by.    

We are close to Weather!    

The priest too!    

But something about the outside seems off.    

You're right I can't see well,    

but something is
sticking out of the ground.    

Weather!    

I know you're close by.
Answer me, Weather!    

What the hell are these things?    

What happened here?    

The priest is moving close to us. 

We are extremely close to him. 

We have to find Weather.
We need to find him as soon as we can. 

There's something horrific happening here. 

Did Weather cause this dust storm?    

Hasn't the priest turned
into a snail by now?    

I don't know.    

I just know that he's here.
Search for him!    

Jolyne, I saw someone.    

He's over this direction!    

I can't tell whether it was Pucchi or
Weather, but I definitely saw someone!    

Jolyne, the wind is dying.    

Also, my body is starting to
go back to normal.    

Does this mean…    

Pucchi!    

No, Jolyne.    

We can't fully control
our bodies or Stands yet.    

We lack the speed
and strength to defeat him.    

We have to find Weather first.    

Defeat the priest,
and we'll know where Weather is.    

Stone Ocean!    

Jolyne!    

-What?
-Weather!    

No one can catch up to me now.    

Spend your remaining days
with your family and loved ones.    

It's futile to come after me.    

I will win.    

Stop, Jolyne.    

Anasui!    

This isn't the priest.    

The priest already left.    

What?    

This is a revelation.    

That's not Pucchi either.
It's a visage of the past.    

This must be Pucchi's ability too.    

Versus!    

The priest    

left a disc in his head
during the dust storm.    

Pucchi's visage overlapped with his body.    

This was the presence you sensed.    

The priest had already finished him off.    

This is a revelation.    

Fate had chosen me.    

-It is guiding me to heaven…
-…in three days' time.    

-If it hadn't, I would have been defeated…
-Do you believe in the force of gravity?    

You were drawn here by gravity.    

Weather!    

I told you. It's a visage.    

-No one can catch up…
-…to me now…    

I'm no longer a snail. What happened?    

Where's Weather, Anasui?    

Where did Weather go?
Ermes, where's Weather?    

You don't sense his presence anymore?    

You don't know where he is?    

Emporio!    

Ermes, call a doctor.    

-The doctors should be back to normal.
-Jolyne…    

-Emporio!
-Jolyne!    

The wind has stopped blowing.    

The rainbows are gone, Jolyne.    

This can't be.    

Does this have something to do
with our car accident? 

Did this happen because we came? 

Listen, Jolyne.    

People say that I'm a cold-blooded k*ller.    

At least, the newspapers said so,
and I completely agree with it.    

When they asked me
if I would give my life for my parents,    

I answered no.    

I would still say the same.    

My parents can't move my heart.    

But…    

I will give my life for the people
who brought me back to life.    

Weather was one of these people.    

This disc…    

Right.    

When Weather got impaled by Pale Snake,    

he used his enemy's ability.    

He used Pale Snake
to seal his ability inside a disc.    

Jolyne…    

Weather left this for you.    

Weather came back to life
when he left the prison.    

This is the proof.    

He was truly happy the last few days.    

Weather was already saved!    

Weather…    

I wish…    

I wish we could talk just one more time.    

I want to talk to you
in the warm breeze again.
Ermes, call a doctor.  

-The doctors should be back to normal.
-Jolyne…  

-Emporio!
-Jolyne!  

The wind has stopped blowing.  

The rainbows are gone, Jolyne.  

He was truly happy the last few days.  

Weather was already saved!  

I wish…  

I wish we can talk just one more time.   

I want to talk to you
in the warm breeze again.   

MARCH   ST,      -   :   AM   

TWO MORE DAYS UNTIL THE NEW MOON   

Weather Report… 

He didn't want me to despair, 

and wanted to tell me
to keep going after the priest. 

So he used Pale Snake's ability 

to leave his own ability in a disc. 

If I insert this disc into my head, 

would I be able to use his ability? 

But the priest is already
on his way to Cape Canaveral. 

We don't even have two days
until the new moon. 

It could well be 

that this is already out of my hands. 

What should I do? 

Despite the snail commotion, 

my father's disc is now in
the Speedwagon Foundation's hands. 

My father will wake up sooner or later. 

He would know what to do. 

Should I wait for him? 

But the priest may take drastic measures
in Cape Canaveral before Dad wakes up. 

What should I do? 

Dad, tell me. 

Had I not gotten in the car, 

would Weather still be alive? 

No, I have to keep moving forward. 

I have to go to Cape Canaveral. 

I have to defeat the priest. 

Dad, tell me. 

What can someone like me do? 

What can I do? 

EPISODE   : GRAVITY OF THE NEW MOON   

How cute.   

Wow.   

She looks adorable.   

Jolyne fell asleep on my shoulder!   

That's right.   

I finally found you.   

There's something I meant to tell you   

if I managed to break out of prison
and find you.   

I don't have time to waste.   

If I don't say this now, then when?   

My feelings are honest and true.   

I spent a fortune buying this ring
from the prison scrounger.   

Once you wake up,   

please accept my love for you.   

Hey, look!   

Alligators! They're this far inland!   

Dammit.   

They may be a protected species,
but they sure gave us hell in prison!   

Seriously? Whoa, massive alligators.   

Take this, dumbass!   

Woo-hoo, I got one!   

They reacted! They're startled!   

They're not moving, but they're scared.   

Don't mess with us, you overgrown lizards!   

Dumbasses!   

You couldn't have…   

Jolyne!   

What did you throw just now?   

Show it to me. Show me your hand!   

What's with you?   

What's all this shouting?   

I said, open your hand!   

What the hell?   

Anasui, why are you excited?   

You…   

You couldn't have! You can't have!   

Ermes.   

-Can you do me a favor?
-What is it?   

I want to see the map for this area.   

Can you hold onto this for me?   

Sure.   

When you say map, you mean GPS, right?   

This is such an old computer.   

This is our current location,
Cape Canaveral.   

North latitude,    degrees    minutes,   

west longitude,    degrees    minutes.   

Cape Canaveral is on the Florida Peninsula
by the Atlantic Ocean.   

It's a vast area of   ,    hectares.   

It's a sandbank formed by nature
over a long time.   

Sandbank?   

It's a geological feature
formed by sand deposits.   

This is our destination.   

The Space Center.   

There are no trains or buses. 

You can only access the facility
by car, either owned or rented. 

This is where they launch
rockets, satellites, 

and test space shuttles. 

That's the space shuttle assembly factory.    

Over here is the launch site and lookout.    

Each facility is
more than five kilometers apart.    

That's how big this place is.    

We will enter through the Visitor Center.    

All general admission
has to come in through here.    

We'll buy the tickets,
pass through security, 

and then hop on the tour bus. 

The other areas are off-limits,    

so this must be the same route
the priest would take.    

I don't know what he wants to do here,    

but I believe he will spend
the remaining days until the new moon 

somewhere inside the Space Center. 

No more.    

Due to security concerns,
we are limiting the number of visitors.    

Please wait in line.    

Oh, but he's with me.    

You'll let him slide, right?    

Sure.    

Now, come along.    

You would've had to wait
another    minutes.    

Are you a pastor? Or a priest?    

I'm trying to do small acts of kindness
in my everyday life.    

Are you a tourist?    

Do clergymen have an interest in rockets?    

You just seem out of place.    

Actually, I kind of understand.
God and space.    

How symbolic.    

Would you be offended if I asked
if God was an alien?    

Do I have to tolerate
your incessant questions?    

You did a good deed,
so you can leave me alone now.    

If you're bored of waiting in line,
go waste your time somewhere else.    

I didn't come here
just to rush for    minutes.    

Gravity is the biggest obstacle
when launching a rocket. 

Ideally, a rocket can launch most easily 

if there is less
gravitational pull upon it. 

That's why launching a rocket
along the equator  

 gives it an advantage over gravity. 

This is because
the Earth's centrifugal force 

causes gravity to weaken
along the equator. 

Athletes may be able to break
their records near the equator. 

Something's wrong. I don't feel well.    

In addition,
the sea level of Cape Canaveral 

has a unique characteristic. 

The sea level is described as "zero mark"
when measuring elevation. 

However, recent studies have revealed
that the sea's surface is not always zero. 

For example, in the Indian Ocean
by the Maldives Archipelago, 

the sea level curves down
by about     meters. 

On the other hand, the Sea of Japan
curves up by    meters, 

and Cape Canaveral is
   meters above the zero mark. 

This could be due
to inconsistencies in gravity.  

Cape Canaveral is one such location
with weaker gravity. 

When tides are taken into account, 

it is said that sea level may rise
by upwards of     meters. 

Cape Canaveral 

is the most suitable location
on Earth for a rocket launch. 

Yikes, it's cold.    

What?    

What the… What happened to my cola?    

STAND NAME: Diver Down
STAND MASTER: NARCISO Anasui    

So, Jolyne.    

What is your plan?    

Do you want to wait for
the Speedwagon Foundation and Mr. Jotaro?    

Or do you want to keep
going after the priest?    

I…    

Yes, we'll find him now.    

Sorry, but we don't know
if your father will come in time.    

He may not even come for two days.    

Weather left the priest in shambles.    

His allies are all down.    

The timing is impeccable.    

The only thing for sure
is that if we don't hurry,    

then we'd miss our chance.    

Hey Emporio, what are you doing?    

Cut that out.    

Why did you stop the car?    

I'm not trying to.    

Hey! I said get the car moving.    

This is a stolen car.    

We are wanted criminals.
That hasn't changed.    

-Also, a kid is in the driver's seat.
-That's not it.    

The car's acting up!    

-What is it?
-I don't know, it suddenly slowed down!    

Ermes, switch with him.    

Hey…    

What are those things?    

What's going on?    

Brace for impact!    

What's happening?    

Cars! What the hell is going on?    

Did a bad crash cause an expl*si*n?    

Emporio, pedal to the metal!
We need to go!    

I can't!    

It won't move!    

The road is collapsing!    

No, the road is fine.    

It's not collapsing,
and the guardrails are intact.    

There's no wind from an expl*si*n!    

You might think
I'm messing around, Jolyne,    

but I'm holding on for my life.    

This car… This is bad!    

Get out! You need to go!
This car isn't safe!    

At this rate, we're going to fall!    

We aren't falling down, but sideways!    

What do you mean, we're falling?    

The other cars fell already.    

They slid down this road
as if it's a cliff!    

The car is shaking!    

The front tires are in the air!    

Everyone, get out of the car!    

Is this the priest's ability?    

It's not the new moon yet.
How could this be?    

It's growing stronger,
the force is pulling us sideways!    

Get out of the car, hurry!    

It's going to flip backwards!    

We're falling not down, but sideways. 

How far will we fall? 

Jolyne! Don't let go of Emporio!    

Diver Down!    

Ermes!    

Stone Ocean!    

How far did you fall, Ermes?    

How far did you go?    

Jolyne, we're going to fall!    

At this rate, we'll get hit by debris!    

Jolyne, forget Ermes for now.    

If she survives, she'll find us.    

But…    

We've almost reached him,    

but you'd rather retreat than find him?    

That's enough.    

Jolyne, your body won't last!    

How is this possible? 

I can't believe this.    

How can we fall sideways?    

Don't we have the ground
because of gravity?    

This is what the priest
hoped to accomplish.    

This is the power my father sealed
in Egypt    years ago.    

This is what the priest called "heaven"!    

Some trees aren't being uprooted.    

Looks like the Visitor Center
is still in one piece.    

Jolyne.    

You said this is "heaven,"
but this might just be the beginning.    

I have this feeling that
things will turn for the worse.    

The priest is waiting for the new moon.    

It plays a vital role in gravity,
and the new moon is only    hours away.    

Listen, Jolyne,
Weather left the priest in a bad state.    

I know firsthand that he's hurt.    

Now's our chance to strike.
He's the one who's cornered.    

Let's climb this guardrail
up to the Visitor Center.    

You're sure the priest is this way?    

Yes. He's up ahead.    

Go, Jolyne.    

Of course. My mind is made up.    

That's right. Those eyes of yours, Jolyne. 

Your face as you stare
far into the distance. 

That's what makes my heart race. 

Let's go, Emporio.    

Okay.    

Right now, your heart 

burns with the resolve to stop the priest. 

At the same time, you're hoping
your father will come to save you. 

I'm the one who can protect you,
not Weather, nor Jotaro. 

In time, you'll begin to wish
that you were in my arms. 

In the beginning of all matter,
there was gravity.    

Even for this earth,    

gravity was its beginning.    

Gravity keeps the planets revolving.    

Where shall I head on this earth now?    

What is going to transpire?    

To my body and mind…    

and to the end of all things?    

Someone!    

Someone, save us!    

What in the world is going on?    

What is happening?    

Help!    

Someone, come save us!    

-Anyone!
-They're going to be all right.    

No need to help them.    

My phone doesn't have service.
It can't reach a tower!    

Why?    

I can't even begin to guess.    

Maybe my phone is busted.    

It could also be caused
by this gravity thing,    

but I really don't know.    

Anyway, I have no idea
what's going on in other places.    

Are rescue teams on their way?    

This is the ticketing office box, Jolyne.    

That's the entrance    

to the Visitor Center.    

Jolyne, the priest is still here, right?    

Yes, he's close. He's almost within reach.    

It's as if he was just here.    

What?    

This thing… it can't be!    

But why? What happened to it?    

Pale Snake.    

No, The Green Baby!    

The priest's Stand evolved!    

Unbelievable!    

Jolyne!    

My right hand!    

I came to finish you off now,    

if you can't wait two days.    

MARCH   ST,        :   A.M.    

   HOURS AND    MINUTES UNTIL THE NEW MOON
What's wrong with these eggs?  

A Stand… 

Pale Snake is no longer my Stand ability. 

Something else is inside me… but what? 

I feel terrible… 

Something is running loose inside me. 

This power, it's beyond my control. 

But this power carries hope. 

I can at least feel
hope within this power. 

Dio's memo inside Jotaro's memory… 

It seems this power needs
the things in that memory. 

Time and place. 

North latitude,    degrees    minutes. 

West longitude,    degrees    minutes. 

That's where heaven will be. 

This location is Cape Canaveral. 

Kennedy Space Center. 

In the beginning of all matter,
there was gravity.   

Even for this earth,   

gravity was its beginning.   

What's going on?   

At this rate, we're going to fall!   

We aren't falling down, but sideways!   

Is this the priest's ability?   

Jolyne! Don't let go of Emporio!   

Diver Down!   

Ermes!   

Gravity keeps the planets revolving.   

Where shall I head on this earth now?   

What is going to transpire?   

This is the power my father sealed
in Egypt    years ago.   

This is what the priest called "heaven"!   

To my body and mind…   

and to the end of all things?   

That's the entrance to the Visitor Center…   

Jolyne, the priest is still here, right?   

Yes, he's close. He's almost within reach.   

It's as if he was just here.   

The priest's Stand evolved!   

My right hand!   

EPISODE   : C-Moon ( )   

I came to finish you off now,   

if you can't wait two days.   

Jolyne Cujoh!   

My arm is turning inside out!   

-Jolyne!
-Jolyne!   

So you are the one who's been
helping Jolyne this whole time.   

Emporio, get behind Anasui!   

Stone Ocean!   

Jolyne, behind you!   

I'll get rid of Jolyne Cujoh first.   

Anasui, get over here. Hurry!   

What is this Stand?   

Your strands turned inside out!   

It turned my spike inside out too!   

That's where his fist touched,   

but it was merely a scratch!   

We have to stay away from his att*cks!   

It must be gravity.
Think of the events leading up to now!   

The stand ability must be
related to gravity!   

All matters including the Earth and apples
are affected by gravity. 

Gravity attracts matter
towards the center of mass! 

That's the cosmic law! 

This Stand ability alters gravity
and changes its direction!   

Anything that touches its fist
turns inside out.   

I don't know its range,
but it makes everything fall sideways!   

So that's how the weak gravity
at Cape Canaveral   

affected and evolved the priest's Stand!   

Its powers are completely different
from Pale Snake's memory manipulation, 

nor is it The Green Baby's power
of infinite division. 

Jolyne, it's coming to strike again!   

Go to Anasui, Emporio!   

It took a hit!   

Impossible!   

My leg is inverting!   

Jolyne!   

This can't be!   

Don't panic, Emporio.   

You can relax.   

If everything it touches turns inside out,   

then I'll let it hit me again
to revert my body back right side out.   

Turn my body inside out…   

and outwards again!   

Jolyne!   

Good grief.   

Of course,   

I have to stitch the wounds.   

One thing is for certain now.   

Every strike I deal leaves damage!   

If I have to strike it down
here and now, then…   

We have no time to waste.   

Climb, Emporio.   

Get to the guardrails.   

I'm here as Jolyne's backup,
not your babysitter!   

I'm going!   

Jolyne!   

I already turned   

this ticketing box office inside out!   

The way it moves…    

Judging by the powers,
I thought it was an auto-tracking Stand, 

but the att*cks are too accurate! 

As if it knows that it's useless, 

so it's no longer targeting
my arms and legs. 

It's now aiming for my vitals
like my head and chest, 

the only places that would be fatal! 

It dodged my kicks
with machine-like precision! 

This Stand is a remote control type! 

The priest's eyes are watching. 

This Stand's att*cks are precise
because the priest can see the fight! 

Its att*cks only seem destructive 

because its power
is amplified by gravity.  

Where is he?
I assumed he was hiding, but he's close! 

He is close enough from here
to see us clearly! 

Diver Down!    

Stay down.    

Anasui!    

I said, I'll get rid of Jolyne first.    

Anasui, Jolyne!    

Stone Ocean!    

Jolyne!    

What did you do, Jolyne?    

Anasui!
You might be able to help yourself.    

It's easy for you to jump on the pavement,    

but for now, don't let go of my rope.    

Your weight is choking our foe.
The Stand is powerless!    

Not only that, it doesn't have
the strength to break free!    

Unbelievable!    

It's trying to grab Jolyne's string
before it suffocates!    

If it grabs Jolyne's rope with its hands…    

The thread will turn inside out
and disintegrate!    

Jolyne, let go of its neck.    

I did this to free you from its grasp!    

No, Anasui. I have to face it now.    

Our chance is now,
with the rope around its neck!    

I'm not trying to strangle it.    

I'll close in and finish it off!    

What are you saying, Jolyne?    

If it grabs a hold of this rope,    

it will invert your thread.    

Then your arm will get inverted as well!    

Damn you!    

I'll reach you in no time, just you wait!    

No matter what I say, Jolyne won't listen. 

We're in a horrible situation. 

f*ck it!    

If you're finishing it off, then be quick!    

Hurry up and break free!    

Ah, he grabbed her rope!    

No, I still have time. 

My thread
will stay intact just a moment longer! 

STAND NAME: C-Moon
STAND MASTER: FATHER PUCCHI    

This is Sigma Team.    

It's no good, we can't go any further.    

The t*nk flipped over!    

Get any closer to the Visitor Center,    

and the t*nk flips upside down!    

What do you mean, "the t*nk flips?" 

Report! 

It's just as I said.    

The t*nk flips over!    

Some force is flipping the t*nk over.    

We can't figure it out.    

Please send scientists or experts
to investigate.    

Don't try to figure it out. 

Our mission is to rescue the victims! 

Still, we really have no idea
what's going on.    

We don't know if there are survivors,
or how big the affected area is.    

The entire place is a mess.    

What is going on?    

It's as if a hammer fell from the sky
and pounded onto the ground,    

and turned the area into a scrapyard!    

This is J-Hawk  .    

I have vision on the center.
It's three kilometers away.    

Attempting to locate the survivors.    

What the hell?    

Which way is up?    

Mayday!    

J-Hawk  ? 

J-Hawk  ! 

What happened? Do you copy? 

J-Hawk  , do you copy? 

This is our opportunity
to defeat the priest's Stand!    

But this is too risky!    

Jolyne's arm is getting shredded!    

Don't waste your time!    

Hurry up and finish it off!    

Stone Ocean!    

It's inverting the steel plating
to stand itself up!    

Hurry! Hurry up and finish it!    

This is hopeless,
it's almost all the way up!    

It ripped more tiles off!    

It grabbed her string!    

Jolyne, let go of it!    

You have to run!
Your arm will get shredded!    

Diver Down!    

I submerged Diver Down into the rope.    

And now, instead of Jolyne's rope,    

my body will turn inside out!    

Anasui.    

Get it, Jolyne. As long as your string
is wrapped around its neck,    

I won't let it get up!    

-Anasui!
-Now go! End this fight, Jolyne!    

After all, it was in my best interest
to get rid of you when I had the chance.    

When you were in prison,
at the very beginning.    

Jesus bore the fate of being crucified.    

Mary, Mother of Jesus,
was fated to lose her son.    

To achieve happiness,
humans must bear a curse,    

and overcome fate.    

The trial Dio and I had to overcome
was Joestar's bloodline.    

This can't be…    

The priest is here!    

I have come to save my Stand,
which is still undergoing evolution.    

What?    

My body is rising towards the sky!    

I am the center of gravity.    

Gravity is reversed wherever I stand.    

The closer you come to me,
the stronger the gravity gets.    

The last step is to bide my time
until my ability fully evolves.    

It will harness even greater power,    

not the little strength it has now.    

Anasui, pull on her rope!    

I'm trying already!    

Listen closely, my Stand.    

I'll say this again. Invert her only once.    

Do not strike more than once.    

The att*ck to a vital area
is more devastating    

than one to the arms or body.    

Remember, a single punch will do.    

Splendid.
We shall return to the Visitor Center.    

What?    

The fight is over.    

Jolyne can no longer feel pain
or even think.    

Her heart was turned inside out,    

reversing the blood flow to her brain.    

Anasui, pull her close!    

Hurry, draw her in!    

Jolyne's strings…    

No…    

This can't be happening!    

Jolyne!    

This ability,    

I shall name it C-Moon.    

Invincibility. 

Did I gain invincibility
before the new moon? 

However, my ultimate goal
does not lie in simply achieving strength.    

I shall remind myself that my pursuit
is the happiness of all human beings.    

Jolyne Cujoh is no more than a casualty,    

just like Weather and the prisoners
whose lives were sacrificed.    

To successfully achieve a goal,    

trial and sacrifice is inevitable.    

I don't believe this.    

What should I do, Jolyne?    

What happened just now…    

No, this can't be happening!    

What's that?    

Where is that sound coming from?    

It's the phone!    

It didn't have a signal a moment ago.    

I got a new message.    

Who is it from?    

My calls aren't going through. 

The gravitational anomaly seems to
have sent a satellite out of orbit. 

Are you Emporio? 

I don't know exactly what's going on, 

but I can sense that my daughter
and the priest have met. 

Could this be…    

Is this him?    

Is this message from…    

Jolyne is alive. 

But she's not safe. 

Protect Jolyne. 

Just until I arrive… that's all I ask. 

She must have discovered how to
counter his gravity. 

That's the only way
she could have survived. 

She's alive, but just barely. 

Jotaro Kujo. 

It's Mr. Jotaro!    

He's nearby!    

I don't believe this.    

Jolyne is alive!    

That means…    

No, this can't be!    

Anasui, find Jolyne!    

Jolyne isn't dead!    

What?    

But the priest knows too,    

because he must've sensed
that she's alive! 

What did you do, Jolyne Cujoh? 

Your heart was turned inside out! 

Gravity imploded your heart! 

How could she still be alive? 

How did she manage to survive? 

We must settle the score. 

The Joestar bloodline must be overcome! 

Diver Down!    

Where are you going?    

Isn't it obvious?    

The best way to protect Jolyne
is to k*ll that priest! 

MARCH   ST,        :   AM    

   HOURS AND    MINUTES UNTIL THE NEW MOON
That's where heaven will be. 

This location is Cape Canaveral. 

Kennedy Space Center. 

Ermes!  

In the beginning of all matter,
there was gravity.  

My right hand!  

Jolyne Cujoh!  

So you are the one who's been
helping Jolyne this whole time.  

We have to stay away from his att*cks!   

Anything that touches its fist
turns inside out.   

I don't know its range,
but it makes everything fall sideways!   

So that's how the weak gravity
at Cape Canaveral   

affected and evolved the priest's Stand! 

To achieve happiness,
humans must bear a curse,   

and overcome fate.   

The trial Dio and I had to overcome
was Joestar's bloodline.   

Her heart was turned inside out. 

It's the phone!   

It didn't have a signal a moment ago.   

Could this be…   

Jolyne is alive. 

She's alive, but just barely. 

Mr. Jotaro!   

He's nearby!   

Anasui, find Jolyne!   

Jolyne isn't dead!   

What?   

What did you do, Jolyne Cujoh? 

Your heart was turned inside out! 

We must settle the score. 

The Joestar bloodline must be overcome! 

Where are you going?   

The best way to protect Jolyne
is to k*ll that priest!   

EPISODE   : C-Moon ( )   

Jolyne… I sense she is
in no condition to move. 

How did she survive? 

Could it be that I missed her vitals? 

No. 

Without a doubt,
my Stand struck her heart. 

I was certain of it. 

Could it be Joestar's blood, 

the bloodline of Kujo? 

Is it getting in the way of Dio and me,
once again? 

I absolutely must finish off
Jolyne Cujoh here.   

Both in prison and in Orlando,
Jolyne Cujoh interfered.   

She's a trial that I must overcome
to achieve my purpose.   

Have confidence, Father Pucchi.   

Fate will choose to side with me.   

Dio and I have a purpose much grander
than their pitiful sense of justice.   

Not a single human can hinder my plans!   

Hey you…   

Call a doctor.   

What happened to my hip bone?   

Help me!   

I'm close. I'm very close.   

Jolyne Cujoh fell near here.   

She's here.
That's a piece of Jolyne's clothing.   

Jolyne went inside this building.   

By the way, do not come
a single step closer to me.   

Stand back.
I don't even count you as an obstacle.   

Retreat, C-Moon!   

That man is not Anasui!   

Diver Down can submerge in more places
than just the walls or the ground.   

I found a tourist who d*ed
from your gravity ability,   

and changed his bone structure
to match mine.   

You're already within my range.   

Take this! Diver Down!   

I missed!   

He turned his own face inside out.   

To me, you're merely a pesky fly
I can easily swat away.   

She touched my face. 

That was Jolyne Cujoh's hand. 

She's on the move. 

What is she planning to do? 

How is she able to move? 

That's blood. 

She is wounded, without a doubt. 

My heart tells me to track her down,
no matter what. 

I will end her, right here and now!   

Jotaro Kujo will be here any minute
to rescue Jolyne Cujoh.   

If Anasui rejoins the fight,
the battle will be difficult.   

Jolyne Cujoh's allies are headed this way 

in hopes to save her life. 

Hence it is now, 

I must vanquish you, once and for all.   

Your death   

shall crush the resolve and hopes
of your allies who have gathered here.   

Especially Jotaro,
who will lose his daughter.   

His purpose and resolve in life
shall vanish along with Jolyne.   

He will no longer be a match
for Dio and me.   

I must finish her off, here and now!   

I will find you, no matter the cost!   

Come out, Jolyne Cujoh!   

Show yourself!   

Jolyne Cujoh!   

It's only her thread. 

Dammit, she's behind me!   

I will give it my all
to k*ll you right here!   

I know that you are wounded!    

I am the center of gravity,
so if I turn my body upside down,    

everything will fall toward my feet.    

C-Moon!    

Both strikes landed!    

Both your arms are now useless!    

Those strange shapes…    

Why didn't her arms turn inside out?    

How could this be?    

Show yourself, Jolyne Cujoh!    

You cannot run from your fate!    

What is that thing? 

What is that? 

What's the shape of that thing,
where her heart should be? 

Stone Ocean!    

Mobius strips?    

Is that what you're creating?    

STAND NAME: STONE OCEAN
STAND MASTER: JOLYNE CUJOH    

Start tracing its surface with a finger, 

and keep going. 

Follow the surface
without lifting the finger. 

Before long, you have traced both sides. 

You will be back at your starting point. 

This non-orientable shape
was discovered in the   th century 

by a German mathematician. 

It is called "Mobius strip,"
after his name. 

The back side exists
only if there is a front side. 

If there's no front and back,
there's no turning inside out. 

A non-orientable infinity strip 

can be made with thread! 

Is that what she created? 

Did she make a Mobius strip
the instant she was struck? 

I admire the first human
who tried to eat mushrooms.    

They risked poisoning themselves.    

Was he a fool who happened to get lucky?    

Otherwise,    

was the discovery driven
by his desperate starvation?    

Would you survive if I strike your head?    

A single hit will do.    

Which angle would be best?    

A single hit to the head is all it takes.    

Is this all you've got?    

I'm disappointed.    

Come at me with everything you got!    

No.    

I'm waiting for a definitive moment.    

I've been circling you, containing myself.    

I'm waiting for
the perfect moment to strike.    

Do you understand?    

The more I walk around,    

the more these objects fall.    

That's why I'm waiting.    

I'm waiting for victory
to fall into my hands.    

Do you understand?    

Is your Mobius strip enough to save you,    

considering your wounds?    

There it is.
The chance I've been waiting for!    

A security officer's corpse!    

It's in my hand!    

Jolyne!    

-sh*t!
-Whoa!    

Dammit.    

Jolyne!    

Jolyne!    

What?    

The Speedwagon Foundation    

sh*t this harpoon from the sky
three kilometers above.    

It was aimed to land
on the Visitor Center's premises.    

I made a copy of it with my sticker,
and duplicated the harpoon.    

When the sticker is removed,
the copy flies back to the original.    

I clung on to the harpoon,
so that despite your gravity,    

I can be pulled up here in an instant.    

Then, I used my Stand
to break it into pieces.    

We came to this spot
where he felt her presence.    

Dad…    

Jotaro Kujo and Ermes!    

You're surrounded, Father Pucchi.    

Completing your Stand in    hours
was just your wishful thinking.    

It's over.    

You have no allies left.    

You will be defeated before
the new moon arrives!    

You're mistaken, Emporio.    

As I thought, fate…    

gives me trials, yet sides with me.    

The ones who will aid me
in attaining my powers    

are the Joestar descendants!    

After being stuck under
this steel framing,    

I now understand!    

My allies were the Kujos all along!    

What the hell?
He's rising up towards the sky!    

I am the center of gravity.    

I understand now, Dio!    

This is the answer.    

I have no need to wait another    hours
for the new moon to arrive.    

I need the gravitational force
of the new moon. 

Then I'll just float higher in the sky    

and find an area
with equal gravitational pull.    

I'll put myself where there is gravity
equal to that of the new moon!    

There must be an exact spot
that can complete C-Moon's power!    

You think we'll let you get away?    

You don't know when to surrender, do you?    

Stay calm, look for the exact location.    

Count the prime numbers
and maintain my composure.    

-Thirteen, seventeen…
-That bastard is muttering something!    

Gravity hasn't changed!    

It's still pulling us sideways.    

Ermes, look to your right.    

Pick up the g*n he dropped.    

You've grown, Jolyne.    

Hold onto the guardrails.    

Ermes,    

pick up the g*n and sh**t him.    

C-Moon!    

Star Platinum: The World!    

You wish to use your Stand
to deflect the b*ll*ts.    

Time can stay stopped for
a maximum of five seconds.    

You will not see this harpoon.    

Once the time starts again,    

the harpoon will impale you.    

Three seconds.    

Two seconds.    

One second.    

Time will now start.    

What just happened?    

The harpoon missed.    

He dodged during my time stop.    

That priest…    

He's unharmed.    

He's opening the hatch.    

It looks like he's trying to board it.    

The Space Shuttle is in the air!    

The priest is inside
the exhibition Shuttle!    

He dodged the harpoon, but how?    

Damn…    

he's not only trying to get away.    

Don't tell me…    

he learned something
that he shouldn't have,    

a condition that will allow him
to complete his Stand!    

It is you who brought
this Pucchi to heaven.    

All this time, even in prison,
my allies were you.    

Father in heaven,    

guide me!    

Watch over me,    

that I shall not stray from my path.    

I give myself to thee!    

Yes, I feel it!    

The position! It's here!
What?  

Jotaro Kujo…  

It's over.  

You have no allies left.  

You will be defeated before
the new moon arrives!  

You're mistaken, Emporio.  

As I thought, fate…  

gives me trials, yet sides with me.  

Ermes,   

pick up the g*n and sh**t him.   

C-Moon!   

Star Platinum: The World!   

Once the time starts again,   

the harpoon will impale you.   

The harpoon missed.   

He dodged during my time stop.   

That priest…   

He's unharmed.   

The Space Shuttle is in the air!   

The priest is inside
the exhibition Shuttle!   

Damn…   

he's not only trying to get away.   

Don't tell me…   

he learned something
that he shouldn't have,   

a condition that will allow him
to complete his Stand!   

It is you who brought
this Pucchi to heaven.   

All this time, even in prison,
my allies were you.   

Father in Heaven,   

guide me!   

Watch over me,   

that I shall not stray from my path.   

I give myself to thee!   

Yes, I feel it!   

The position! It's here!   

EPISODE   : Made in Heaven ( )   

I felt the power surge at the position
where I dodged Jotaro's harpoon.   

You, the Joestar bloodline,
helped me reach heaven!   

Look!   

It's Anasui!   

He's found his way
onto the Shuttle's outer shell!   

Eat this! Diver Down!   

My ability is no longer C-Moon.   

At last, the time for heaven has come.   

My ability is complete!   

The power of gravity   

radiates throughout my body!   

Rot in hell,   

you scumbag!   

It's news at noon. 

The incident on the State Road    
at Cape Canaveral 

has accounted for  ,    casualties. 

It was originally believed to be
caused by road cave-ins, 

however, there seems to be
other underlying causes. 

Helicopters have crashed,
and rescue missions have failed. 

We will continue to report
after the break. 

Where are we?   

What was that?   

Where's Anasui?   

What is going on?   

Where's Anasui?   

Are you worried about me, Jolyne?   

I'm touched that you care about me.   

But first, we need to find the priest.   

He was engulfed by light,
and I lost sight of him.   

We have to find the Space Shuttle, now!   

The Shuttle is right over there.   

The Shuttle hasn't moved,   

but we have.   

We shifted about     meters
from where we were.   

Just a moment ago,   

we were on the other side
of that building.   

I hate to point this out, Jotaro,   

but I didn't feel any impact
moving us here.   

Did anyone see anything?   

We must have been blasted to this side
by the reversed gravity.   

The direction of gravity
went back to normal a moment ago.   

Besides, Pucchi said
he no longer has C-Moon.   

Jolyne, where is the priest?   

Can you sense where he is?   

I can sense that he's close,
but that's about it.   

His location and direction
are undetectable.   

I can't tell.   

What bothers me more 

is how Pucchi saw my harpoon. 

He eyed the Star Platinum harpoon
in stopped time. 

He saw the harpoon, so he evaded it. 

But how? 

I get it now.   

The priest was just talking nonsense.   

The time of heaven,
completing his Stand, whatever!   

He was just bluffing.   

He just used trickery to deceive us,
so that he can hide.   

He thinks he can completely lose us now.   

Ermes,   

it's in your best interest
not to step in there.   

-What?
-Stay in an open area.   

This rain will soon…   

I'm… drenched.   

What's going on, guys?    

Ermes?    

What are you doing?    

It's this a*t*matic door!    

It's super fast!    

What the hell?    

It's snapping shut like a hydraulic press!    

I'm dry.    

I was soaked a moment ago.    

What the hell is going on?    

Watch your head, Ermes.    

What?    

It's time for the evening news. 

We have a developing story 

on the State Road     incident
at Cape Canaveral. 

Oh? Um, my apologies. 

I almost skipped the break. 

Wait, the break ended already? 

The sun…It's dusk!    

Well, can I have chocolate nuts, caramel,    

strawberry chocolate chips, and mint?    

Oh, and top it off with orange vanilla.    

That'll be six dollars.    

What the…    

Strike!    

Wow, look at this rookie go!    

He's been named our MVP!    

Oh, am I actually that good?    

The tissue hardened.    

Ouch…    

It's stuck to my nose!    

Barry, go grab
a   -kilogram chunk of meat.    

On it, boss.    

He finally got a hit!    

Unfortunately, it's a pitcher's fly!    

What happened?    

He's bleeding like crazy!    

How did his blood get everywhere?    

We lost control!    

We're crashing at top speed!    

But the readings are all within range!    

We're dead.    

Pull up!    

What was that?    

What in the world is happening?    

Ermes!    

It wasn't a bluff.    

The priest wasn't just telling lies
to get away.    

And my blood…    

I haven't stopped bleeding,    

but my blood is already dry.    

Fresh blood is drying up!    

Jolyne, look at the blood on your face.    

It's drying up and crusting!    

You're right.    

What could be causing this?    

This can't be…    

It must have started at that moment!    

The priest has been executing his ability
since he was in the Shuttle!    

All things are moving
at an incredible speed!    

Everything in this world, 

not only man-made things,
but things in nature too! 

The sun is already down!    

The stars are beginning to come out!    

Is this his completed ability?    

STAND NAME: STAR PLATINUM
STAND MASTER: JOTARO KUJO    

What in the world is going on?    

This is caused by
the priest's new ability.    

sh*t!    

The stars and the clouds are drifting    

like special effects in a movie!    

Is this the priest's
fully developed ability?    

There's more. 

Time. It's accelerating! 

Time is passing faster and faster! 

In this situation, is he the only one? 

What if no one else can function 

in the flow of this accelerated time? 

That's highly likely. 

When he dodged my harpoon, 

he may have done so unconsciously. 

But what if he can keep up
with this accelerated time? 

What if he realized what he's capable of? 

Jolyne, we can't stay here.    

It's dangerous.
It's not safe to be here like this.    

-No…
-Do you sense him too, Jolyne?    

-Do you sense his presence?
-What?    

Where is he?    

He's on the move.    

I can't tell his exact position,    

but he's approaching us from the shadows!    

This is bad, we need to go.    

Everyone, get moving! Quickly!    

Star Platinum: The World!    

My ability's duration is shortened! 

This is bad! 

This way, Jotaro!    

You…    

-Your name is Anasui, correct?
-That's right.    

My Stand is called Diver Down.    

It can submerge into various surfaces.    

Let's go look out at the other side.    

Yeah. But considering his speed,
being on the lookout may not help much.    

By the way, Jotaro…    

I will do everything I can
to protect your daughter.    

Yes, things may seem desperate,    

but we'll make it out of this fight.    

So please, allow me
to take your daughter's hand in marriage.    

What did you just say?    

I said, please give me your permission.    

Jotaro, let me marry your daughter.    

I know this isn't the right time,
but all I want is your blessing.    

If only I had your permission,
then I can be at peace.    

I don't really believe
that Jolyne would marry me.    

It's true that I've been
sentenced for m*rder,    

and I also know that
Jolyne would never fall for me.    

But the strong drive and mind
that she inherited from you    

sheds light into the darkness of my heart.    

She lightened my heart,
which was on the verge of collapsing!    

Please, I need it now.    

Just one word will do.    

Say you'll allow me.    

Please liberate my heart.    

If we make it out of this alive,
allow me to marry her!    

I don't understand.    

Have you lost your mind
from all this madness?    

Anasui.    

We need to stay together.    

Everyone, don't wander off.    

We made it up on the roof,
but now we have nowhere to run.    

Besides, he's on the move.    

But I can't sense his movement.    

I barricaded the area with my strings,
but who knows what good it'll do?    

Though the priest succeeded
in completing his ability,    

he has no intention of letting us live.    

He wants to settle his score with us.    

He is determined    

to settle the score
with the Joestar bloodline.    

I get it,
but his Stand is too unpredictable!    

How are we supposed to fight against it?    

Jotaro, allow us!    

Everyone, listen closely.    

It may appear as if we are cornered,    

but coming up to this roof
gave us an advantage.    

The priest's ability accelerates time.    

He's the only one who can move inside
the accelerated time.    

However, we can still see him.    

Judging from my watch,    

it takes about two minutes
for an hour to pass.    

This is what it means.    

If he runs at    kilometers per hour,    

he'll appear as if he's moving
at the speed of a b*llet train.    

It sounds fast, but our eyes
can observe a moving b*llet train. 

Stay calm and observe.    

You will be able to tell
that he's moving, at least.    

Try to sense his movements.    

He's    times faster than us.    

A car going   kph would be  ,   kph,    

and a car going    kph would be Mach  . . 

Correct.    

However, the priest is wary    

and remains cautious
in coming to this rooftop.    

He knows that I can stop time,
though only for a few seconds.    

There's also the unknown factor.    

We don't know
what his ability will become.    

He himself is yearning to see it evolve.    

Star Platinum: The World.    

Where is he? 

Where did he go? 

I saw something move under that table. 

He's closing in on us. 

I can stop time for five seconds at most. 

In just five seconds,
I must find him and finish him off. 

Good grief, he's nowhere to be found. 

Did I just imagine a flickering shadow? 

Time's up.    

Time will now start again…    

The palm tree! 

He hid behind the leaves! 

What? 

No way. He's using the tree's flexibility! 

My ability is at its limit.
Time will start again! 

He'll catapult himself using the tree! 

Above?    

Dad…    

Jolyne, behind you!    

He's coming again!    

Anasui.    

You submerged your Stand into my body.    

You took damage in my place.    

You served as armor
to mitigate the damage.    

And yet… 

It's too short. 

Five seconds just isn't enough. 

I can't activate
my Time Stop ability consecutively!  

Once Star Platinum stops time
for five seconds, 

it can't launch for a brief moment. 

Our only chance to defeat the priest
is for me to get in range. 

And only when the time is stopped! 

I'm at the limit. 

Time now starts again. 

Dad! Anasui!    

My first target is no longer Jotaro,
but Anasui.    

Yes, I will finish him off first.    

Listen closely.    

This may be beyond your comprehension,    

but I will part with this last remark.    

Time will accelerate.    

I did not obtain this power
to end your lives,    

nor does this ability promise me
supreme strength.    

This power's purpose is to guide
the human race towards true happiness.    

My new Stand, my new ability.    

I shall give it a name.    

Made in Heaven!
The sun… It's dusk!  

This can't be…  

It must have started at that moment!  

The priest has been executing his ability
since he was in the Shuttle!  

All things are moving
at an incredible speed!  

Everything in this world, 

not only man-made things,
but things in nature too! 

The sun is already down!  

Is this his completed ability?   

Where is he? 

Where did he go? 

I can stop time for five seconds at most. 

In just five seconds,
I must find him and finish him off. 

Time's up.   

Time will now start again…   

What? 

No way. He's using the tree's flexibility! 

I will part with this last remark.   

Time will accelerate.   

I did not obtain this power
to end your lives,   

nor does this ability promise me
supreme strength.   

This power's purpose is to guide
the human race towards true happiness.   

My new Stand, my new ability.   

I shall give it a name.   

Made in Heaven!   

EPISODE   : Made in Heaven ( )   

You're being eliminated
for the future I envision.   

Your impending death   

is merely a sacrifice
for humanity to achieve happiness.   

g*n ghost!   

It's useless, Emporio.   

sh**ting him won't do any good.   

No, Jolyne.   

I sh*t at the building near us!   

Ermes put her sticker on the b*llet.   

The b*llet is duplicated!   

Emporio, you…   

He's coming at us again!   

Hold on tight, everyone!   

No matter what, don't let go!   

It's him! He's chasing us on foot!   

My Stand's speed is excluded
from the time acceleration!   

He'll catch up in no time!   

Emporio, put a sticker on the next b*llet
and sh**t again!   

We have to reach the swamp,   

to the ocean!   

If we're at the ocean,
then we might have a chance!   

The priest caught up to us!   

He's getting ahead to stand in our way!   

sh**t another b*llet,
and change our direction, Emporio!   

It's the ocean!
I see the rocks in the swamp!   

Aim the next sh*t at
those protruding rocks!   

He's coming for us again!   

He's simply too fast!   

Listen closely.
He's moving with accelerated time,   

but one Stand is all he's got!   

Plus, its combat strength
is above average at best!   

He can only att*ck one of us at a time.   

That's the key to our victory.   

Jotaro, I'll send you a signal
the moment I get att*cked.   

Seize that opportunity to stop time
and finish him off!   

The moment his att*ck hits me,
that's when you stop the time.   

Do you understand?   

Don't do it before I'm hit,
it has to be after.   

It'll be a split of a second.   

You must be absolutely precise.   

Grab him and end his life.   

Our only chance is your Star Platinum!   

Wait a minute.   

We're doing what?   

I don't understand.   

Smart plan, Anasui.   

Although he proclaimed
that you are his first target,   

that may not be the case.   

It would make most sense
if he targeted me first.   

No, I've already submerged Diver Down
into your body,   

so that it can protect you
from the inside.   

You're not the only one.   

Jolyne, Emporio, and Ermes too.   

Diver Down has submerged into everyone
given our close distance.   

In other words, no matter
who gets att*cked first,   

Diver Down will feel the damage.   

What?   

You will sense my signal
internally through Diver Down.   

Remember, don't stop time
until after I'm hit.   

Anasui, you're willing
to trade your life for his!   

That's absurd!   

His next att*ck will be deadly!   

Maybe so.   

But maybe I can signal Jotaro
before the blow kills me?   

I've been lucky recently.   

Wouldn't you say so, Emporio?   

I've been lucky since the jailbreak.
At least I haven't d*ed yet!   

If I actually live through this,
I might even ask Jolyne to marry me!   

I'm just saying.   

That's fine by me.   

That's fine, Anasui.   

Ask me to marry you.   

I'm not saying that
because I'm in despair at our situation.    

Your idea carries hope.
There's no darkness there.    

We may only have one chance.    

If there's even a glimpse of hope there,    

then I know it's the correct path for us.    

There he is!    

He's already on that rock! Emporio!    

Get close to me!    

You need to be closer!    

He's coming!    

Approaching from the right!    

Brace yourselves!    

This makes sense. The water gives him away
and tells us his position.    

Not yet, Jotaro.    

Don't stop time yet.    

If you miss him, it's over.    

You absolutely have to grab him!    

Feel my signal from within.    

Oh… wait.    

See that? Look at the clouds!    

They're zooming by like rockets!    

And what exactly is going on?    

The sky is brighter to the east!    

Why? It's still too early!    

It should take two or three minutes
for an hour to pass!    

That means it takes    to    minutes
for the night to pass.    

I don't believe this!    

The sun is rising
at an unbelievable speed!    

Time is accelerating faster than before!    

Around the world, birds are flying
at their normal speed. 

Similarly, insects and plants
haven't changed their speed. 

Flowers aren't blooming faster,
nor are they wilting in an instant. 

Look closely. 

I have a glass cup in my hand. 

When the cup is in my hand,
nothing happens to it. 

But the moment I let go, 

the cup falls faster than we can see. 

It's shattered on the ground
before we realize it. 

The only logical explanation
is the acceleration of time! 

Everything in the universe is
accelerating except for living things! 

This is all my assistants' fault!    

I'm the top-selling manga artist!    

A genius like me drawing
no more than one page a night?    

That's absurd!    

The ink dries before
I can draw a single line!    

What in the world am I supposed to do?    

Hello?    

What? One artist is still
meeting deadlines?    

Who is he?    

Who the hell is he?    

It's Rohan Kishibe. 

What?    

I can't see the waves
because of the accelerated time!    

We can't tell where he is!    

Where will he ambush us from?    

Get ready!    

Stone Ocean!    

Kiss!    

Jotaro, hold off on your ability.    

Wait for my signal!    

Now! Stop the time--    

Star Platinum: The World!    

You're mine!    

Meet your end, Pucchi--    

How is this possible? 

Pucchi made Jolyne's Stand
att*ck Anasui! 

I'm one step behind! 

Four seconds left. 

If I don't k*ll him now, 

he'll vanish
in the accelerated time again. 

It'll be over if time starts again! 

I must end this fight
before time restarts! 

Three seconds left. 

Two seconds! 

Knives, suspended in air! 

The priest had already thrown the knives,
just as Dio once did! 

You were two steps behind.    

STAND NAME: Made in Heaven
STAND MASTER: ENRICO PUCCHI    

The Joestar family,
through their bloodline,    

have seized victories by
drawing strength from honor and courage.    

However!    

Your bloodline is also your weakness.    

Jotaro Kujo,
your weakness is your daughter.    

Dad…    

Jolyne…    

I stole a car…    

on the way home from school…    

at a supermarket parking lot…    

I stole a car… Why did I do that? 

But… I knew that you'd come and save me.    

You'd do whatever it takes… to save me…    

Dad, you… 

I must bring all loose ends to a close.    

I do not feel remorse,
nor can I let you run freely.    

I must settle every matter.    

After all, I am the one
who k*lled your mother.    

Emporio.    

Yes, sh**t.    

At least you may die a martyr's death.    

Your fate ends here, Emporio!    

Jolyne Kujo!    

Ah!    

Joestar!    

Do you think you can escape me? 

You swim even slower than you run. 

Jolyne!    

I caught a dolphin with Stone Ocean.    

Yes, time may be accelerating,
but living things are unaffected.    

Now, Father Pucchi…
you're against this speed!    

How long will it take for you to catch up?    

The distance is at play here.    

Had we been closer,
you may have been able to catch up.    

But how far can you swim?    

Is it     meters, or    ?    

Can you stay underwater    

and swim longer than a dolphin
without letting out?    

Time acceleration doesn't affect    

the distance you can swim,
or the stamina that you have!    

Moreover, can you swim this distance
back to shore without drowning?    

You will not escape!    

I shall end your life!    

I refuse to carry this feud
into the future!    

Jolyne, the rope!    

Hurry, come to the dolphin!    

Emporio…    

Because Anasui sacrificed himself
to protect my father,    

I'm still alive, though barely.    

Because Ermes gave her life
to att*ck the priest,    

I had enough time
to grab onto the dolphin.    

When a dolphin lets a human ride
on its back,    

it swims to shore
in the safest way possible.    

Hurry, please!    

Come!    

Why is the rope getting longer?    

That dolphin will take you to safety.
I know it will.    

What are you saying? Hurry and join me!    

Emporio, I can't join you.    

The priest can sense the Joestar in me.    

No matter where I go, I sense him,
and he senses me to track me down.    

If I'm with you, you can't get away.    

Emporio, you have to face
the path that lies ahead alone.    

But don't worry.    

I know you can finish
what we set out to do.    

Those who wished for your escape
were Anasui, Ermes,    

and my father, Jotaro Kujo.    

You have to survive. You are our hope.    

I told you, I don't understand!    

No, you can't…    

Stop, wait! Jolyne!    

No!    

Pull the rope!    

He ought to be tired out by now.    

I'll hold him off!    

Face me, Father Pucchi!    

Stone Ocean!    

Jolyne!    

What's that in the sky?    

Could that be the sun?    

It's already morning!    

The sun isn't round.
It looks like it's stretching out!    

The needles on my watch vanished…    

No, it's ticking so fast,
I can't see them with my eyes!    

It's night time again.    

Morning!    

It's night again!    

What's happening?    

It's accelerating.    

Time is accelerating even more!    

Oh, damn!    

We need canned foods!    

Raw foods are rotting away.    

Hoard whatever canned food you can find!    

We're running out of food!    

Dust is collecting!
The window frames are rusting!    

My implants!    

I just got these done the other day!    

What is happening to the sky?    

Where's the sun?    

Is that gleaming light the sun?    

Is it night, or is it day?
What year are we in?    

What is today's date?    

I feel cold.    

The seasons are changing!    

What is that?    

The waves are eroding the rocks away!    

Is there no way to stop
time from accelerating?    

How much more?    

Is there an end to this?    

The land formation changed!    

Where am I?    

There are only live organisms here!    

I can't breathe…    

What the hell? Why are you naked here?    

Huh? But I was just…    

Hurry up!    

Put your jumpsuits on!    

Why don't I have clothes on?    

Wait… what was I doing?
Time got faster and I…    

Crap! I'm on camera!    

It's going to get misunderstood!    

This is…    

This place…    

I know where this is!    

This is Green Dolphin Street Prison!    

This is the hallway
by the visitation room!
This place…  

This is Green Dolphin Street Prison!  

This is the hallway
by the visitation room!  

What the hell do you want?  

I don't want to see your face.  

It's too late to come
and try to act like a father!  

I want to help you.  

I'll get you out of here shortly.  

Shut up.   

You know you can't.   

I'll serve this two-year sentence
for that hit-and-run and then be released.   

Calm down. I've always thought of you--   

That's a blatant lie.
It's too late to play father figure now.   

Now leave!   

Who are these two? 

They look so similar… 

to the Joestars! 

But it's not them. 

Leave! I can't get along with you.   

What is going on? 

Wasn't I at Cape Canaveral? 

And what's going on?   

What year am I in?   

It's     , November   th.   

Pucchi!   

Who the hell are you?   

Even a priest isn't allowed
to disrupt a visitation--   

It's     ?   

Did time rewind?   

On the contrary.   

We leapt through   

to the ultimate time
beyond the acceleration.   

We went beyond the end of our universe.   

The ending of one universe brings about
the beginning of the next.   

This is an inevitable truth,
and in the forthcoming universe,   

the Earth is created, and living things
experience a life similar to the previous. 

The human race went beyond the end
and now faces the dawn of a new start. 

This is the new world 

Made in Heaven has promised!   

What are you saying?   

There's no Jolyne Cujoh in this world.   

Neither are there Jotaro,
Anasui, or Ermes.   

Even their souls ceased to exist.   

The dead cannot be brought over.   

Those who lost their lives
during the time acceleration   

have been weeded out of the cycle.   

I left behind all my enemies
in the prior universe.   

Except for you, Emporio!   

You should not have made it over.   

You must be ended, here and now!   

EPISODE   : IT'S A WONDERFUL WORLD   

Code    . Security Level  . 

Visitation room door alarm activated. 

Code    . Security Level  . 

What's going on?   

Who knows, but now's our chance. Let's go.   

They're leaving the room
just like Jolyne and Jotaro did.   

They're different people,
but the same thing is happening!   

This is fate.   

This universe   

has been through the same history
as that of the prior world.   

It will remain in the same course.   

Fate is brought on by necessity,
not chance.   

Now, you're going to
try to find refuge in your room.   

I'm talking about your old secret room   

that you used to hide in
back in the prior world.   

Your next actions
are written in your destiny.   

I have to go somewhere
other than the ghost room!   

How did prisoners get inside
the general area?   

Who knows? Just run.   

Those guards are from earlier.   

They're going to trip over.   

What is it?   

-We'll trip over.
-What?   

We keep running in this direction,
and we'll trip over ourselves horribly.   

Huh? What the hell are you on about?   

That's odd. Why did I think of that?   

I don't know, it just came to me.
We're going to trip over.   

Are you chickening out?   

If we don't hurry, they'll cut our pay!   

-Why?
-Right!   

For some reason, I know.   

Those two are about to…   

Father!   

-What's the matter?
-Move.   

No one can escape fate.   

You will escape to that room.   

What exactly is going on? 

We leapt through   

to the ultimate time
beyond the acceleration.   

We went beyond the end of our universe.   

The end of our universe? 

I've read it in a book once. 

How the universe begins and ends. 

From the moment it is born,
a universe infinitely expands. 

But at a certain point in time,
it begins to contract. 

Like a stress ball being squeezed, 

there's a point of singularity
where it can no longer contract. 

That marks the end of the universe. 

The force leads to a Big Bang,
forming a brand new universe. 

Did we come from our world to this one? 

Did we travel through Earth's history
at an incredible speed, 

and now we're in the new     ? 

But not everyone made it. 

The dead cannot be brought over. 

Those who lost their lives
during the time acceleration 

have been weeded out of the cycle. 

They're gone. 

Jolyne and everyone,
they're not part of this world. 

I've become alone again. 

Blessed are those who leapt through time.    

They've experienced everything
that is to come    

and have arrived in this new universe.    

This is the world
where fate is predestined.    

Fate will repeat itself.    

When people meet, it's like gravity.    

Fate dictates one to meet another.    

For example,
what lies five years in the future?    

Having gone through the accelerated time,    

we know what will happen.    

When do accidents happen,
and when do we fall ill?    

When will our life end?    

When do we meet, and when do we part? 

When and who do we love and hate? 

When do we have children,
and what lies in their future? 

When do wars break out,
and when does a new era begin? 

As if watching a movie,
the future events play out in our minds. 

So shall it be for our children,
and their posterity! 

The time acceleration started
at Cape Canaveral. 

Every living being that
lived through this acceleration 

can recall the future. 

It won't be with their mind or body,
but with their soul! 

And that in itself is
the meaning of happiness, 

because now,
we can prepare for the future. 

Blessed are those who prepared! 

One may say that to learn of
a bleak future will bring despair.    

I say otherwise.    

Should you die tomorrow,    

the mere knowledge of
what is to come brings peace.    

Preparation overcomes despair.    

Humanity will evolve.    

This is the path to heaven
Dio and I sought to achieve!    

This is Made in Heaven.    

The g*n! My g*n!    

I dropped it in the ocean!    

If I turn right and go down the stairs,
I'll get to my ghost room.    

But Pucchi already knows
about the secret room.    

I shouldn't turn right.    

I'll turn left and find another place.    

Some details may vary,
but you cannot change fate.    

Your only option
is to escape into that cr*ck.    

Suppose I spare your life
and you go off on your way.    

Eventually, you will stand against me.    

That's the destined future.    

I must eliminate you here and now.    

Even without Jolyne,
you'll break out of here.    

Fate dictates that I lose you
at Cape Canaveral. 

But here in this prison,
before the acceleration starts,    

I know exactly what you'll do.    

This is my chance
to eradicate an opposing force.    

Hence, I slowed time down on this date.    

Prepare to meet your end.    

Bracing for the inevitable
brings joy, Emporio.    

You are our hope!    

Your death shall serve humanity!    

Die now, Emporio!    

Fate is predestined and can't be changed?    

Then…    

I'll let you change my fate.    

Your arm inserted it into my head
when you punched me into the cr*ck.    

When you k*lled Weather,    

he extracted his ability,
Weather Report, in a disc.    

Jolyne wanted me to have it. 

She gave me this disc!    

Perish in the name of God!    

Emporio, your futile actions…    

You've merely turned your screams
into the trumpets of hell!    

Yes, the ability is now yours.    

However, Weather was skilled
in using his power!    

It's not an ability you can master
by simply inserting it in your head!    

And now!    

Time…    

accelerates once again!    

Learn your feeble place, Emporio…    

in the face of my grand purpose!    

What?    

What is the meaning of this?    

I cannot… stand!    

Something is terribly wrong.    

What is this?    

Weather Report!    

I read it in a book once.    

Oxygen is the most prevalent toxin
that surrounds living organisms.    

Yes, living beings need oxygen to live,    

but it can't surpass   % saturation.    

Pure oxygen is highly toxic.    

Organisms will die
if they are exposed to it!    

In high concentrations, oxygen causes
steel to rust within seconds.    

It causes fire to combust,    

and robs human cells of electrons!    

It destroys the body's organ systems
one at a time!    

Inhale pure oxygen,
and your limbs will become paralyzed.    

Soon, you lose the ability to stand.    

The veins in the eyes burst,
causing blindness.    

Acceleration of time is irrelevant.    

Weather Report is an ability
that manipulates weather.    

I was already filling this room
with pure oxygen.    

Gradually, you'll lose consciousness.    

Pure oxygen will seep into your organs.    

Pesky brat…    

I'm not controlling this Stand.    

This is Weather's ability you sealed away.    

First, you stole Weather's memories. 

Then you awakened this power
along with the snail metamorphosis. 

Pucchi, you caused your own demise.    

Gravity brings one to another.    

You couldn't cut this force
out of your life!    

Stop this, Emporio!    

Stop Weather!    

Don't make him do this!    

I finally attained the will of God!    

It is God's will that I use my ability!    

With the beginning of the new universe,
humanity can be saved at last!    

In this world,
we haven't reached Cape Canaveral,    

where I acquired time acceleration.    

Made in Heaven is still incomplete.    

I will gladly offer my life
after Cape Canaveral.    

If I die,    

everything I've accomplished
will be undone!    

You will change humanity's fate!    

Then people will no longer know
what will happen in the future,    

and they won't be able to
prepare for the inevitable.    

Remember,
preparation brings true happiness!    

I refuse to die here!    

Don't you understand?    

You've already been defeated by fate.    

Stop talking nonsense, child!    

Realize that I didn't do this alone.    

You've also been defeated by Jolyne,
who sent me here.    

Weather. 

F.F. 

Ermes. 

Anasui. 

And even Jotaro. 

They didn't know what lies ahead,
but they all had resolve. 

You're the one who's unprepared, Pucchi!    

Walking the path of justice
is fate itself!    

Stop this now!    

Stop spewing nonsense
as if you understand!    

You insignificant brat!    

It's a bus.    

Like I said,    

I only have    dollars!    

What kind of bus doesn't have change?    

What?    

-Is that how you talk to a customer?
-Good, the bus stopped.    

All right, give me a moment.    

I'll break it for some change
at the gas station.    

Hey kid, are you getting on this bus?    

Good timing, got any spare change on you?    

I need to break this   -dollar bill.    

Please?    

It's not counterfeit.    

What? Hey!    

Wait up, jerk!    

He tossed my bag out, dammit!    

The bus left because
you were taking your time!    

The next bus is in two hours.
What am I going to do?    

You listening?    

Dammit.    

Whatever.    

Maybe he thought
I was a Green Dolphin jailbreak.    

You're…    

What?    

Hey. My car's out of gas.    

If you pay for my gas and meals,
I'll take you anywhere.    

What do you say, kid?    

That how you pinch trip money?    

My sis always said
not to ride with a stranger.    

See, a storm is coming.    

You're free to test your luck    

and see if you can stay dry
until the next bus.    

Hop in, kid. We won't bite.    

I'm Irene.    

He's Anakiss.    

Where are your parents?    

We're going to see my father.    

This guy is…    

my boyfriend.    

Who knows how Father will react,
but if he gives us his blessing,    

we might get married.    

Damn, you sure about the storm?    

Ten dollars is all you're getting from me,    

and make a stop at Cape Canaveral,
got that?    

Hop in. I can use your help.    

Honestly, it helps me too.    

Are you okay, kid?    

What's your name?    

Don't be shy. Hop on.    

We won't ask for money.    

You're shaking.    

Are you cold?    

Here.    

I'm…    

Emporio.    

That's my name.    

My name… is Emporio.    

Look, a hitchhiker.    

No more. Two is enough.    

You said the storm is coming.    

Stop the car, we can't leave him.    

JOJO'S BIZARRE ADVENTURE - STONE OCEAN
THE END
