Dario: Listen, Dio. I am not long for this world.
Dio: ...
Dario: When I die (cough cough) you get yourself to the Joestar mansion along with this letter. The fool thinks he owes me. This is your ticket to greatness. It's your only chance, Dio. Go out there and take this useless world for all you can get.
(Later, at Dario's grave)
Dio (monologue): Devil that you were, you drove mother to an early grave. I'm glad you're dead; may you burn for your sins. The riches that eluded your grasp -- I will claim them in excess. You lacked the cunning to take what you wanted, but I'll prevail! (Outloud) Now burn! *spits on his father's grave*

Bullies: Erina's a cry-baby! Erina's a cry-baby! Erina's a cry-baby!
Jonathan: Give her back her doll!
Bully 1: Are you her friend?
Jonathan: I've never met her in my life!
[Jonathan attacks, but is easily knocked down as the bully notices his handkerchief]
Bully 1: Now that I know you're some rich man's kid, I've only just started!
[After Jonathan is beaten up by Erina's bullies, and Erina attempts to help him up.]
Jonathan: Pant pant... Let me be! [Slaps Erina's hand away] Whatever you think, I did not do this for you!
Erina: !
Jonathan: I wish to conduct myself as a gentleman! A true gentleman is brave and comes to the aid of those in need. Even if it's a fight he has no chance of winning, he joins the fray! One day, I will get strong enough to win.
[Jonathan walks off, learning his hankerchef behind for Erina to pick up.]
Erina (reading the name): Jonathan Joestar.

Jonathan: You must be Dio.
Dio: And you must be Jonathan, heir of the Joestars.
Jonathan: That is Danny, my loyal and steadfast friend. Don't worry, Danny knows not to pounce on strangers.
[As Danny approaches, Dio kicks the Great Dane upside his head to Jonathan's horror]
Jonathan: What was that for?! How dare you!
Dio (monologue): So this is the brat I must usurp. He wears his heart on his sleeve and is quick to anger....This pampered fool is nothing for the likes of Dio Brando!

Dio: (While grabbing Jonathan by his ear after knocking him over) Know this. I may be your guest in your home but I'm not one to be trifled with. In all things, I am number one! Look down upon me and you will regret it!
Jonathan: But Dio, I want us to be friends-
Dio: And another thing, I despise all mongrels. They don't scare me, I just can't stand them fawning over the unworthy. So keep your mangy mutt away from me, Joestar!"

Dio (monologue, after beating Jonathan in a boxing match): Loneliness will devour a man from within. I'll reduce JoJo to an empty husk. Bit by devious bit, I'll steal the life he was meant to have. By the time we're grown, there'll be nothing left of him!

Dio (After forcefully kissing Erina on the lips): Tell me... Have you and JoJo kissed yet? I'll take that as a no. You thought your first kiss would be JoJo, but it was I, Dio! (Monologue) Even though it was by force, the fact that I kissed her is enough! I've killed their romance before it began! I'll deny Jojo the comfort of friendship AND love!!
[Dio and the bullies then see Erina washing her lips with the muddy puddle she's in, infuriating him.]
Bully 1: What the-?! Just look at her, Dio! She's taking leave of the senses! What's wrong with her? That's disgusting! Washing out her mouth with a muddy puddle?! Why would anybody do that? There's a stream not far away!
Dio: YOU UNGRATEFUL WENCH! YOU DARE SUGGEST MY KISS IS SOMETHING TO BE WASHED OFF! (monologue) Cool your temper, you damnable fool. She's not worth losing your head over!.

Jonathan (Storming into his home in rage): "DIIIIIOOOOOO!"
Dio: "Hush, boy! You won't speak my name in vain again if you know what's good for you!"
Jonathan: "We end this now! I won't let you sully an innocent maiden's honor! Your fight with me, damn it!"
Dio: Upset about Erina? That she shared her favors with me. And now you intend to give me a proper thrashing for my impudence."
Jonathan: [charging Dio] "This time, Dio, YOU HAVE GONE TOO FAR!!"
Dio: You may be right, but you're the one who will PAY! [knocks the wind of out Jonathan] Looking to repeat your performance from our boxing match, be my guest! [Overpowers Jonathan before knocking him into the wall.]
Jonathan (monologue): "I can't beat him. But if I lose now, I'll spend the rest of my life cowering in Dio's shadow. Most of all, I have to fight for Erina's honor.. She needs a champion!"
[Dio throws his shirt as he is about to finish the fight.]
Dio (monologue): "Time to put an end to this little pissing match. I'll beat him here in his own home. Once and for all, he'll know his proper place in this world is under my heel! He'll see that it's useless to try and defeat me! I shall be master, now and always!"
[Jonathan attempts to charge at Dio]
Dio: "Come on!"
[Dio kicks Jonathan in the face.]
Dio (monologue): "Perfect! Right in the face!"
[However, Jonathan grabs Dio's head to counter.]
Dio: "How are you able to grab me after such a blow to the head?! Perhaps I was too gentle with you!"
[Dio suddenly finds himself getting pummeled on by Jonathan]
Jonathan (pummeling Dio): DIOOO! I'm going to beat you until you cry like a baby, Dio!
Dio (monologue): "Impossible! Impossible! How could a pampered brat like him best me in a fight?"
Dio: Y--- You… How--- How dare you…?! Bastard! How dare you strike me?!
Jonathan: Dio’s crying.
Dio: I’ll make you regret that, you filthy cur!

Dio (monologue): "Once I learned to control my temper, I will be invincible to even the likes of him."
Dio (monologue): For seven years, I have to make nice with that buffoon. But now that I am of age, it is time for my plan to reach its fruition. At long last, the Joestar fortune will be mine. And Devil take anyone who tries to stop me.

Dio (forced to swear on Dario's name that he was not poisoning George): How can I swear...on the honor of the man who had none...? HE DESERVED TO DIE! HOW'S THAT FOR THE TRUTH, JOJO?!
Jonathan: (blocks Dio's punch) You gave me all the proof I need. I know not what compelled you to murder Dario, but murdered him you did. (blocks an attempted thumb-jab to the eye) You'll hurt father never again! (flings Dio over the stairs)
Dio: Damn your eyes...

Robert E. O. Speedwagon: You do the honors, Tattoo.
Tattoo: Right!
Robert E. O. Speedwagon: Use that shiv of yours to slice him open! I want his guts for garters!
Jonathan: Ogre Street is aptly named.

Tattoo(to Jojo after he grabbed his knife): Check out this idiot! He grabbed by blade! In all my days, I've never seen the like! Stuck, ain't ya? One quick yank and you'll be picking your fingers out of the snow for a fortnight.
Jonathan: Try it, then! The moment you pull, my foot will kick out at your groin with all the force of a sledgehammer! I'm willing to see our transaction through. Are you, sirrah?

Robert E. O. Speedwagon: If you're lookin' to lose body parts, do stick around! Observe! (Reveals the blades on his bowler hat) I'll mince ya right finely, with a tip of the hat. And now we dance!

Robert E. O. Speedwagon: I took the lad for an easy mark. Guess I've been right disabused of that notion!

Robert E. O. Speedwagon: I wanna know the name of him who spared me.
Jonathan: Jonathan Joestar.

Drunkard 2 (takes out a knife after seeing his friend get hurt by Dio): Just for that, I'm gonna cut you!
Dio (to drunkard): Ohh. Your threat has been quaking in my boots, you old guttersnipe. How will I escape this mortal peril? How about I use this? (Takes out the mask.) It's for JoJo. But you'll make a nice guinea pig.
Drunkard 2: Just die already!
[Dio plants the mask on the drunkard, using his knife to slit the first drunkard's throat. The mask activates, but ends anti-climatically.]
Dio: You've disappointed me, mask.
[Dio is about to leave when the a now-vampirized drunkard attacks him, grabbing Dio by the throat while sucking the blood out of him.]
Drunkard 2: It's odd. I've been drinking through the night, but suddenly I've got such a brutal thirst.
Dio (monolongue while screaming in pain): So this is the power of the Stone Mask?...I have such plans. Must the last thing I see on this world be this damnable sunrise!?
[The vampirized drunkard is reduced to dust to Dio's shock.]
Speedwagon (to Dio): Right about now, you're probably wondering who I am. Allow me to elucidate ya! The name is Robert E. O. Speedwagon! I had a hunch Jonathan's run of trouble might not be done, so I followed him back home. I like you, Jonathan, so I'm gonna offer up this little tidbit pro bono: living in the gutter, you learn to spot lowlifes pretty quick if you want to see tomorrow. I've trained my nose to sort out the bad ones from the good just from a sniff. This fellow reeks of brimstone and blood worse than anyone I've ever laid eyes on!
[Speedwagon kicks a candle which Dio instinctively dodges]
Speedwagon: He is PURE EVIL, right down to his very bones! Is he a victim of circumstance, you're wondering? Not on your life! He's been evil since he drew his first breath!

Dioː JoJo, it was hubris that led me to this ignominious end. This fall from grace has taught me a valuable lesson. However one may scheme or assemble, my downfall this night is part of the human condition... A condition that I now forsake.
Jonathan: Wait, forsake? What do you mean?
Dio: You see, I am about to become so much more! [Brandishes the Stone Mask] Help me shed this mortal skin!
Jonathan: Mother's mask!
Dio: JoJo! Your blood is the key!
[George intercepts the stab wound.]
Speedwagon: Oh my god!
Jonathan: FATHER!
[Dio laughs as he puts on the mask while activating it with George's blood while being gunned down by the constables.]

Jonathan: Father, hang on. The Doctor's on his way.
George Joestar: JoJo...don't hate Dio for what he's done. I am to blame for this. I was hard on you because you're a Joestar. I went too easy on Dio and he might have felt I didn't care. Perhaps he did this for want of a father's love. Please... See that he's buried...next to Dario...
Jonathan: Father...
George Joestar: Don't look so sad, JoJo... Where better to die...than in the arms...of my...son...?
Constables: Sir Joestar!
Head Constable: We lost much this night. A noble man's soul...has been taken from the world.
Speedwagon: You're wrong! All that was good in that man, he passed it along to Jonathan, every bit of it! You can be sure JoJo's gonna live an upright life, using what his father gave him. Rich folks are rubbish. Watching 'em flounce around, I wanna throw the whole lot of them into the Thames! But not the Joestars. They're heroic and merciful and, just...the whole damn lot of them are giants among men!

Dio (After getting shot in the head by Speedwagon): JoJo, I should thank you for the source of my newfound power! Your father's blood...and the ancient stone mask! WRRRYY...
Jonathan (watching Dio kill a constable): He takes his very life, but how is that possible! Dio, you villain, what sort of monster have you become?ǃ
[Dio tosses the constable at the others, killing them instantly while knocking Speedwagon down]
Speedwagon: UWHOOAH?ǃ
Jonathan: Even Speedwagon is afraid! 

Dio (looking for Jonathan, seeing the blood flowing from a curtain): You were a fool to attack me. I have disowned my weakness in favor of life everlasting! You're behind the curtain like Polonius. And like Polonius, it is there that you shall meet your end! (Pulls the curtain, only to be set on fire.)
Jonathan: No one's immortal! Not even you!

Jonathan: Know this, it ends here! You will not leave this place alive!
Speedwagon: No! That's lunacy- (Gets backed out of the manor by a backdraft.)
Dio Brando (walking up the wall after Jonathan): Luring me away from the gutter rat? How very noble of you. No matter. I'll drain you dry, and your blood will help me amend from this little adventure. You climb the wall in vain, JoJo. In your haste to flee from me, all you had done is guarantee your doom. You will be consumed tonight, by the inferno below or by me.
Jonathan (thought): Father...Rest in peace. Let the smoke guide your soul to heaven. But first, please lend me your strength one final time. Let the fire burn around you.

[During the fight between Dio and Jonathan in the burning mansion, while Jonathan is clinging to Dio.]
Dio: Die for nothing, fool!
[Dio kicks Jonathan away; Jonathan screams as he begins to fall into the flames.]
Dio: All I lose is the sacrifice of your blood I would've taken. Blacken and burn among the bones of your damnable father, Jojo!  I am a god in all but name! With the powers at my command, I will rule this world! Thank you, brother, for this great boon!

Dio Brando (thought) I crushed his arm bones to splinters and he's already ablaze, but his grip on me is still that of a vice! (Out loud) So be it JoJo! Consign us onto the flame! But, perish knowing that I will survive this moment! For everything you have done, even this inferno cannot devour me!!
Jonathan: FATHEEEEEER! LEND ME YOUR POWER!
[Through luck, Jonathan managed to propel himself out of his burning home while impaling Dio on the statue of Venus as he is horrifically burned alive.]
Dio: AAAAHHHHHHH!!! (monologue) HOW COULD A WORM LIKE YOU-!? I-I forgot who I was dealing with! Bloody his nose, and he comes back twice as fierce! (out loud) JOJO!! (monologue) I have such plans for this world!! Such...plans...!!
Speedwagon: Jonathan won his fight against that fiend...But he lost a lot. Poor sod. He's been in hospital for three days now... Losing his father and home, he's completely alone in the world now! I want to give him a reason to live! Don't give up on the world, JoJo!...

Speedwagon: Spirit! That's what he needs, and I am to give it to him!

Speedwagon: It's late at night, but there's a lamp coming from his room. (Looks inside) This is- That woman... I'm surprised a nurse would stay with him so late! Her hands are bruised! She's soothed his burns with ice water hundreds, no, thousands of times!
(Jonathan wakes up.)
Erina: Thank goodness...
Speedwagon: He's conscious!
Erina: The worst is over. You'll be okay now.
Jonathan: Have you... Been taking care of me this whole time? You... I can't believe you're here! I remember... No, you can't be... That's impossible... You look like a girl I used to know...
Nurse: Her name wouldn't be by chance Erina Pendleton, would it? It has been a long time, Jonathan Joestar.... JoJo.
Jonathan: Erina! You've grown!
Erina: Me? Not as much as you. But... (gets teary) It really has been so long...
[Speedwagon takes his leave]
Speedwagon: She makes a better Florence Nightingale than I do, anyhow. You rest up, JoJo. Speedwagon withdraws coolly.

Jack the Ripper (killing a harlot he lured to murder): Shoulda made an early night about it, harlot! Big mistake!
Dio: Most men's hearts are restrained by mortal, recoiling in fear from the fabulous fruits of evil. But some do not constrain themselves to the mortality and its tyranny. They are the Vanguard. Serve me, Jack the Ripper. Submit yourself to me, and I shall give powers beyond your belief. I ask for only one thing in return.

Jonathan: He's been watching us for a while now.
Erina: Is something wrong?
Jonathan: Oh, noth—
Will Zeppeli: Signor Joestar, I presume? And the lass by your side must be Signora Erina Pendleton.
Jonathan: Who are you!?
Will Zeppeli: You survived the Stone Mask! Not many can claim that!
[He hits Jonathan in the stomach, causing him to kneel over.]
Erina: JoJo!
Will Zeppeli: That's it... Breathe out every last ounce of air in your lungs!
Erina: Why? He was wounded already, you cad!
stranger: I knocked the wind out of him, but he'll thank me for it.
Jonathan (while his body full heals): What!? What's happening to my body!? My arm!
Will Zeppeli: Baron Zeppeli, at your service. Courage alone will not defeat the stone mask.
Jonathan: The compound fracture in my arm... it barely hurts anymore! I can even lift this heavy rock!
Erina: I can't believe it!
Jonathan: What did you do!? Who... No, what are you!?
Will Zeppeli: One question at a time, JoJo. It's nothing I did. Your breath quelled your pain on its own. Achoo!
Jonathan: Why did you do this!? How do you even know my- (Zepelli is no where to be seen) He's gone.
Will Zeppeli: What part of "one question at a time" eluded you? Follow me, amigo, and I shall show you. But know this, what you are about to see will change your destiny forever!

Dio (killing a girl for her blood): With each meal, a bit of my strength returns... What a simple thing, the food chain. As pigs feed on grass, so does man feed upon them. And I, at the top of it all, feed upon the humans. They exist to serve me and quell my thirst. (crushes the dead woman's skull) Go, Jack, it’s supper time.
(The zombified Jack eats the girl's corpse)
Dio: Now to swell the ranks of my diabolical army and send it hence. I will stand astride this world! Humanity will kneel at Dio Brando’s feet!

Jonathan: Why did we stop?
Speedwagon: Oi, mate! Hurry it up!
Jonathan: Keep an eye out! Sunlight can't protect us in here!
Speedwagon: Well? What's wrong?
[Speedwagon screams seeing the cabman dead with a severed horse head on his shoulders.]
Jonathan: Is it Dio? It has to be him.
Will Zeppeli: Listen, both of you. Step away from the horses.
[Jack emerges from the body of one of the headless horses]
Speedwagon: What in the blue hell?! That crazy blighter's inside a horse! Good God! This one's mad as a hatter! Dio's evil, yeah, but I ain't seen him jump out of any animal so far!
Jonathan: He must be gathering minions, and who knows how many he might have!
Will Zeppeli: Stand aside, my young friends. I'll do the fighting. He is a zombie. They must feed on living flesh to survive. However, they are in constant thrall to their master, not unlike marionettes.
Jack the Ripper: Oh, you lads is both as white as a sheet. All the blood is drained from your faces. Maybe I should cut off those useless heads of yours, and watch it spray out of you necks? (stabs a knife into his face) Now, you milted corpses-to-be, prepare for the carnage!
Will Zeppeli: Tell me, what's his next move? You must think as he does. JoJo, this strategy will serve you in good stead. Ask yourself, what would be the most advantageous thing for my foe to do next? Him, for example. If he blocks off the tunnel's entrance, we can't retreat into the sunlight!
(Jack grabs the carriage)
Will Zeppeli: Just as I predicted, he's blocked our retreat!
Jonathan: Speedwagon, jump!
[Jack forces knives out from his body.]
Jonathan: Knives are coming out of him!
Speedwagon: Baron Zeppeli, you didn't say nothin' about fighting a pincushion!
Will Zeppeli: Hamon Cutter! I'm afraid your blades are rather dull compared by Hamon Cutter.

Will Zeppeli: JoJo, this creature illustrates a principle. Imagine a miniscule flea, so small that it’s barely visible. Why is it they bite humans who tower over them without a single thought to their own safety? Would you call their behavior “courageous”? Of course not, it’s hunger compelling them.
[Jack charges Zepelli]
Will Zeppeli: I will tell you what courage is, JoJo! Courage is to look your fear in the eye and know that it has no dominion over you! Fear scatters your breathing. When you toss your fear into the dust, breathing is the sword ever at your hip! Breathe with courage and you will never want for Hamon. Bravery is our birthright, lads! And for all the abilities they may bring into a battle, courage is something a zombie relinquished when he took this form! THEY’RE NO BETTER THAN FLEAS! SENDO WAVE KIIIIIIICK!!!
[Damages Jack's  face]
Will Zeppeli: A knee to the face seems to made our friend here lose his braggadocio.

Will Zeppeli: JoJo, you can finish him off. Destroy the brain, It's the only way. Anything else and risk him coming back again.
Jack the Ripper: Time for the slaughter, you naughty pigs! (pulls a lever, that opens a secret passage that he escapes into) I'll cut you all one by one!

Will Zeppeli: I leave you this clue, "There were no Vikings in the land of Norway until the North Wind came and created." If you as so much spill a drop of viento....I do not care how well you utterly defeat him, I will abandon you here and now!
Speedwagon: Oi! Have you lost your mind!?
Will Zeppeli: I know what I'm doing!
Jonathan: I understand. I will be like Vikings and brave this hardship.

Will Zeppeli: The harsh wind blowing down over the Arctic Ocean birthed the fearsome Vikings. Only when we are tossed headlong into the crucible of adversity do we rise to the challenge. What will a glass of vino create this night? If he should fail, Dio has already won.

Jonathan: I found you, zombie! Stone wall will not protect you! SENDO HAMON...OVERDRIVE! (channels his Hamon through the wall)
Jack the Ripper: Turn the corner so I can feast on you! (Gets hit by Hamon, knocking him back as his body dissolves)
Zeppeli: It seems you've passed the test with flying colors, JoJo. Boreas has fathered another Viking!
Jonathan: What happened?!
Zeppeli: Uh, well, Speedwagon has been begging me to share in your power. I meant to help him create just a little bit of Hamon as I did that first day with you. It seems I was too rough. Did my finger slip? Un migliaio di scuse (A thousand excuses), my dear Speedwagon.
Speedwagon (groaning): In English, please

[Chasing after Poco.]
Zeppeli: That sounded wonderful, JoJo. I see you've learned the Overdrive well.
Jonathan: So I should stand here, right?
Zeppeli: No, try two paces to the left. Two pounds say I'm right.
Poco: Huh? What just shocked me!?
[The boy is grabbed by Jonathan]
Zeppeli: Molto benio
Poco: Huh? What? Who are you?
Jonathan: Something's wrong with this boy. Did I overdo it with my Hamon?
Zeppeli: No, It's not just him. Look around us.
Jonathan: This is-
Speedwagon: A graveyard!
[Zombies grab their legs]
Zeppeli: Seems like we're the "nice catch" here. The boy must have been hypnotized.
Speedwagon: Jonathan! It's him!
Dio: The sun has set... You will not live to see another!

Speedwagon: I’ve been trying to steel my spine leading up to this little tete-a-tete, but it’s like the Grim Reaper’s breathing down me neck! I’m all a-sweat! How am I supposed to find my courage when my monster’s staring right at us, huh?! Sir Joestar loved him, and all he got for his troubles was death! Listen, you! You are gonna pay for it!
Zeppeli So this is Dio Brando. He and the zombies can't attack us while we stand in the sunlight...But in a field of darkness and carrion, he sees us as easy pickings. A man of such guile cannot have the stone mask! He must be perished from the world at all costs!

Zeppeli You must be Dio Brando. Jonathan and Speedwagon told me about you. To the mask you have in your possession, I say this...I will break you!
Dio: WRYYYYY!
Zeppeli: Hey, bambino! Do you really want to fight on such uneven footing? Get down here!
Dio: Insect, who do you think you are? I am the pinnacle of all creation... To mere men, I am but a god to them... Do you believe I would lower myself to match a mere man? (projects his hatred as a shockwave that nearly knocks Zepelli off his feet)
Zeppeli I was nearly knocked down with a burst of pure hate. Already this Dio has the presence of tyrant!
Dio(showing off the last of his injuries): The injuries from my battle with JoJo are gone, save for this! Come, charlatan, and relinquish your blood to remove this last imperfection.
Zeppeli: Tell me...To undo your injuries, how many innocent lives did you consume?
Dio: I do not know. How many loaves of bread have you eaten in your lifetime?
Zeppeli: !!
Jonathan: DIO!!!

Dio: You should save your breath. You're going to need it for all the screaming I have in store for you! Tarukus! Bruford! Arise and fight at my command! Make their screams resound as testament to my power!
[The two knights arrive]
Speedwagon: Where did are they come from!?
Jonathan: Hide, Poco!

Speedwagon: I can read people like a book, and these two are full of stories Speedwagon don't wanna hear, thank you kindly!

Dio: They are knights, casualties of Queen Elizabeth's machinations against Mary, Queen of Scots, in the 15th Century. I leave them to you. Dispose of these vermin, in whichever way you will!

Tarukus: Elizabeth, you serpent! You took us for fools and murdered Mary anyways!
Bruford: I may die this day, but my hatred for you and your wretched family shall linger forever.
Knights: Curses on you, queen!

Dio: Their story of betrayal touched a nerve. From the earth, I've brought them life anew! I life they are mighty, now they are invincible!
Tarukus: Ureeyyy... We have sworn fealty to Dio...
Bruford: We will laid waste this world! It is beyond redemption!
Speedwagon: The hatred they bore when they died had 300 years to ferment! Dio turned their knighthood into monsters! Have your wits about you, JoJo

Bruford:  This whelp is a champion of his time. He will make good practice in the art of war.
Zombie: This is one's flesh is mine! Oh yes! I already taste his cartilage!
Jonathan: Another Zombie?!
Bruford: He is our prey! Be away with you, you glutton! (knocks the zombie away)
Jonathan: (thought) He moves at infernal speed!
Bruford: Milord Dio! This whelp's courage intrigues me! Allow me to face him in solo combat and strike him down!
Dio: Do as you like.

[After Bruford and Jonathan hit the water, with Tarukus keeping Speedwagon and Zeppeli from interfering.]
Dio: (Thought) Jonathan is good as dead. He cannot match Bruford underwater. (Outloud) I shall go. There is no reason for me to remain! I shall turn this sleepy village into a necropolis. The zombies I'll create will devour England like a plague, and then the world!
[During the fight with the Dark Knight Bruford]
Bruford: This is itǃǃ The coup de gras -- I shall slice off your head and bathe myself in your life-giving blood!
Jonathan: ...
Speedwagon: MISTER JOESTAAAARǃǃ
Zeppeli: What?!
[Bruford swings his sword at Jonathan.]
Jonathan: I THINK NOT!ǃ HWAAAHHǃ
[Jonathan stops Bruford's sword with his foot.]
Jonathan: Water's not the only thing that conducts Hamonǃ METAL SILVER OVERDRIVEǃǃ
[Disarms Bruford]
Zeppeli: Amazing! He channeled Hamon through Bruford's sword and hoist his pinard!
Jonathan: How my heart resonates! I'm pulsing with heat and life! My very blood is a symphony within me! SUNLIGHT YELLOW OVERDRIVE!"

Speedwagon: He did it! 'Bout time we heard the crackle of Hamon!
Jonathan: (Monolongue) Bruford...For a moment, I felt something a miss. His past only complicates his current state. Take heart, JoJo. That man is no longer here. He's a zombie who intends to spread his evil! You must be the one to stop him!
Bruford: I am the Black Knight Bruford! It will take more than pain to stop me!
Jonathan:: A moment ago, you said this pain was nothing. That means… pain is something you can feel again.
Zeppeli: The flowers, they’re blooming all around him. Even now, the Hamon ravages the evil that animates Bruford’s long dead corpse. You see, the long-forgotten pain came back. Only humans know that sort of ache. Observe, my dear Speedwagon. His zombie body succumbs to the Hamon, but his noble soul is redeemed in the process.
Bruford: I have now reached a bizarre peace. I no longer resent this world... How ironic that I granted life anew, only to be struck down with gratitude to the one who fell me a second time... And now I shall return to my true master...I would like to know the name of he who bested me. Would you do me that honor?
Jonathan: Jonathan Joestar.
Bruford: Sir Jonathan... I leave you this sword, given to me by my precious Queen, and the word engraved upon it: luck. [Bruford uses his blood to add a 'P' to the beginning of the word 'luck' engraved onto his sword.] But first, let me affix my own benediction: pluck.
[Bruford dies.]
Jonathan: Sir Bruford! 

Jonathan: Rest in peace, Bruford. You've earned it. Such irony! Such a bizarre fate! Why did I have to kill him to save his soul!? Even sent to his death cursing the world, he had such pride! He had such a noble heart! But he had no say in being dragged back by Dio, and the power of the stone mask! I shall them both to Hell before the dawn breaks!
Speedwagon: JoJo! Behind you!
Jonathan: Tarukus!
[Taruku smashes Burford's armor]
Jonathan: You villain! That was the armor of a steadfast friend and comrade! He died with honor and dignity!
Tarukus: HE DIED LIKE A SPINELESS DOG! He was too clever by half, liked winning his fights by thinking. I just hit ‘em until they fall to pieces! What use have I got for clever? I carry a sword as tall as a man! None of you will get an easy death! UYYYURRY!

Speedwagon: Tarukus rammed straight into the wall!
Zeppeli: Thank your stars he did. Unlike their master, Dio's minions are not able to regenerate! He will not bother us!
[He sees Tarukus still alive and moving]
Zeppeli: He's nothing more than bloodlust given flesh! Even with his bones smashed to smithereens... He keeps climbing! Our goal is to defeat Dio, but we cannot with Tarukus dogging us like this. He must be dealt with, here and now! JoJo, it's perilous! Take the lad there within!

Tarukus: It's been so long... Three centuries since my last deathmatch in the Lair of the Two-Headed Dragon...I've killed 48 men in here! Killing's an art, and I'm a master!

Poco's Sister: Poco. You letting them beat you up again, weren't you? When are you going to stand up for yourself?
Poco: I...bloodied their noses!
Poco's Sister: When? Tomorrow? A year?
Poco: I don't know...
Poco's Sister: Poco, what frightens you more than anything else?
[Poco gets slapped in the face.]
Poco's Sister: I know that hurt, but you’re still in one piece. Pain’s not the worse thing. There’s something far worse. It’s growing up being too afraid to do anything. What kind of a life would that be?
Poco: I... sorry, sis!
Poco's Sister: There, there, Poco. Let's go home and get your clothes cleaned up.

Poco: (Thought while crawling through a window) Those monsters said they'll attack the village. If that JoJo guy dies, no one will be able to stop them! What if they hurt Sis? I have to protect her no matter what! (Outloud as he gets inside) Sis! I'm standing up to them now!
Jonathan: Stay back! He'll kill you!
Tarukus: Uyyyurry! Stay out of this fight you brat!
[Knocks Poco to a wall after Jonathan pulled him back.]
Poco: That hurt a lot... But I'm still in one piece... (pulls the lever, letting Speedwagon and Zeppeli in) I did good, right?
Speedwagon: You did well, Poco. Go get him, Zeppeli! Show the bastard what for!
Zeppeli: JoJo, here I come! To free a lion and release him into the future of his destiny.

(Tarukus seemingly kills Jonathan and Zeppeli with his Heaven-Hell Snake attack.)
Tarukus: Lord Dio, it is done. They are dead.
Speedwagon: This brutal savagery is unbelievable!
Tarukus (Notices Jonathan still alive): With a broken neck, and you have the poor taste to be alive? (He is irate to see Zepelli also alive as he grabs Jonathan's hand.)
Zeppeli: Freely...Freely...Freely I give you this. My ultimate technique. ULTIMATE DEEP PASS OVERDRIVE!

Jonathan (to Tarukus): Twisted by madness. No human feeling. Your soul's redemption has been forfeit when you chose to follow Dio, Tarukus!

Tarukus: Enough of your blather; you talk too much!
Jonathan: You have to do better than that!

Zeppeli: It seems to me that in you, I have found both a best friend and a new family. JoJo... through you... I will live on forever... My son... JoJo...
Jonathan: Farewell, my friend.
Dio: Consider this rose. Like you, it's in full bloom. But then think of what will become of it, mademoiselle. Once a flower has bloomed, it begins wither. Isn't it such a pity?
Zombie Pet: Sixteen-years old. So young, so innocent, so full of life-giving energy. Heh-Heh-Heh-Huh?
Dio: (After killing the pet) Those with bad manners are not fit to exist. Well, mademoiselle? Will you give me your decision? Wouldn't you like to enjoy eternal youth? I do not force your friendship like others. Your life is your own, and your fate of your own making.
Poco's Sister: You fiend...
Dio: Come again? (slapped)
Poco's Sister: You wear the flesh, but you're no man! Devil, go away!
Dio:  Ah, such a pity that we part so soon then. Though your meeting will be brief, allow me to introduce you to my companion. I present onto you Doobie. Perhaps he will be more to your liking. Au revoir, mademoiselle!
[Dolby is about to attack when he is hit by an anvil.]
Dolby: OW. Who threw this at me head!? Who's there!?
Jonathan: Doesn't matter, does it? You are a zombie! Your kind have no right to introductions!

Jonathan: Guess you came back from his time in Hell, Dio.
Dio: Oh, JoJo, you're alive? Then am to assume that you defeated my two knights, then.
Zombie bodyguard 1: Dio! Give the word, and he'll be pile of flesh!
Zombie bodyguard 2: Let my fangs make an impression on him!
Jonathan: Dio!
Dio: No. He is mine! Know this JoJo, I find no pleasure in finishing you myself. We grew up together in the same house, so the thought of turning you into a undead thing is unsatisfying. That's why I sent my two knights to kill you. But it seems I've indulged you. As emperor, I must not show weakness of any kind. Therefore, I shall slaughter you without hesitation!
Jonathan: I agree! I will feel no guilt over killing you!
Dio: But one question. Whatever happened to that mustached charlatan who was with you? Where'd he gone off to?
Jonathan: Dio, it shames me as a gentleman to say this, but I cannot hold back these feelings. I, Jonathan Joestar, hate you with every fiber of my being! Vengeance consumes me now! I swear I will kill you!
Dio: Then come, JoJo!
Jonathan: Dire!
Die: JoJo, stand back. I have prior claim to avenge. Zeppeli was a dear friend of mine for over two decades. Dio! For taking his life, I will sent you to the bowels of Hell!
Dio: Fascinating. Within years, humans can train themselves to float in midair...But in one night, I have surpassed even a guru! Wryyyyy! Do you think you can defeat me with such lethargic movements?
Dire: I've caught you, fool! Thunder Cross Split Attack!
(Dire attempts his attack. However...)
Dio: Useless, Useless, useless!
Dire: (his body is frozen from the neck down) I can't move!
Dio: You imbecile! Did you think for a moment that you could stand up to me? Nothing awaits you here but a mongrel's death! So let's give them a show!
[shatters Dire.]
Dio: JoJo, it's your turn to face oblivion!
[Dio gets hit with a rose to the eye]
Dire: Those Hamon-filled rose thorns do sting a bit. Ha, ha.
Dio: Insect! How you dare you! How dare you wound my face!

Dio: Really? The “Let’s do battle” stance? You’re not serious. No matter how you prepare, human ability is extremely limited and finite. Your Hamon training avails you nothing. It's USELESS, USELESS, USELESS, UUUSSSEELLLESSS!! A MERE MONKEY COULD NEVER DEFEAT A LION!!! In comparison to my power, you are but a MERE MONKEY, JOJO!
Jonathan: You’re wrong! With true conviction, the human race can overcome anything! Let me demonstrate to just what heights a human being can rise!
Dio: A zombie's all you'll ever be!
Jonathan: (after setting his fists on fire) Which one of us will fall!? We'll find out soon enough!

Dio: My body is dissolving! It can't be! (screaming) The pain! The burning! I can’t- (screaming) My reign was to have lasted forever! For centuries uncounted by man!
Jonathan:You had to be destroyed, Dio.
Dio: I, WILL NOT DIE!...

Poco: Why is shredding tears for such an evil creature?
Speedwagon: He and Dio spent their youth together. Dio was like a brother to him. But as for me, I'll be singing in praise. Baron Zepelli, do you see? JoJo did it! Dio's dead! It may be an exaggeration, but JoJo saved the world this night!
Father Styx: Eh? Well, that's rather strange. The lock's undone. Queer bit of business. I can see a metal catch glinting on the inside there. But that would mean... that this trunk is locked from the inside!

Dio: JoJo... if it wasn't for you, I never would have received the power of the Stone Mask... But at the same time, it was your damnable meddling that cost me world domination! If there truly a god pulling the strings, then it is no coincidence our paths intersect. That our two existences are to be one. Thus I shall take your body, only man I respect, and live out eternity with it! That is my destiny! You will feel no pain. That is my final gift to you!
Jonathan: Argh.. those eyes of his! This isn't good!
Dio: Live on as my body, JoJo!
[Dio fires two beams from his eyes, piercing Jonathan's neck.]
Erina: Jonathan!
Jonathan: Erina... 

Wan Chang: He's done for! Lord Dio overestimates his mighty power! Well, Jonathan Joestar, I'll scoop out what little brains you have with my bare fingers!

Jonathan (Last words): Dio, as you observed, it may be true that our fate is to be together. I feel an odd warmth for you, for now our lives are interwoven completely… and will end along with this ship. Farewell to you… my… beloved...
Dio (being held by a dying Jonathan): JoJo! Let me go! Release me! Think of what we two can achieve! You'd like a taste of eternity, would you not? I can heal your wounds. You and Erina can live together forever! JoJo! (he realized Jonathan is no longer alive) No, it's too late. He's dead. (consumed in a explosion that enveloped Jonathan's body and sinks the ship. The following day, Erina and baby Elizabeth were revealed to have survived.)
Erina (voiceover): Jonathan Joestar passed away into undeserved oblivion. His life was an important part of history, but invisible to ordinary people. Most of humanity, for who he sacrificed, will never know of his noble accomplishments. But his descendants will. The life within me, newly created by Jonathan and I, will certainly hear his story.
Speedwagon: (After saving Speedwagon from crooks) Why can’t you ever just think things through, JoJo?
Young Joseph: I do, in fact, a great deal. Mostly about how best to keep you and Granny Erina safe. You two are the only family that I’ve got.
Speedwagon: (Narrator) He may have his grandfather’s face, but he’s far from being a gentleman.

Joseph: (To cops about to arrest Smoky Brown for pick-pocketing him) As I've said, it was a gift. So why don't you let my friend go, please.
Fat Policeman: (while picking his nose, taking out a large booger) Then why don't you tell me his name? What's the matter, limey? Do you want to spent a night in an American pokey? Here's a present for ya!
Joseph(after the booger is placed on his cheek): That's curious. Help me understand, why would you do something like that? It's such an unsavory thing to do.
Fat Policeman (while picking his nose again): There is no reason! I do what I like, whenever I feel like it, ya fool! But, if when someone wipes a booger on ya face, then it probably means that-
[Joseph punches the fat policeman in the face.]
Joseph: YOU'VE MADE THE WRONG MOVE, YOU STUPID PIG!!
Fat Policeman (with his finger stuck in his nose): Gyaaaahhh!!! Take it out. Awww! Take it out!!!
Bearded Policeman: What?! You're resisting arrest!
[The bearded policeman points his gun at Joseph.]
Joseph: Heh, go ahead and shoot! But you better be prepared for the consequences. The moment you pull that trigger, I'll break your finger like a rotten matchstick!!
Bearded Policeman: Not from over there! I'll shoot your damned brains out!
[Joseph uses his Hamon to shoot his coke's bottlecap at the bearded policeman, damaging the man's trigger finger while drinking his soda before freaking out.]
Joseph: Oh!! I've let my temper get the best of me again! OH CRAP! Granny Erina will be furious!
Smokey (thought): W-What's with this guy?! He beats up cops and then worries about what his granny will say?!

Smokey: I don't know what's going on, but you said you gave your wallet to me, a thief and a black man- I owe you one. My name is Smokey. I would like to know your name.
Joseph: Joestar. Joseph Joestar. My friends call me JoJo. I just moved from London with Granny Erina... Nice to meet you.

Taxi Driver: Get you head outta ya butt! Now get the hell out of the way!
Joseph (grabs the taxi driver): Hello there! What? I didn't hear all that. You mind repeating what you just said? Depending on what you said, I might have to give you a pounding!
Erina: JoJo! What are you doing?
Joseph: Granny Erina!
Erina: I've asked what are you doing with that man?
Joseph: Uh... I was just... huh? ...A taxi. So you wouldn't need to walk so far.
Erina: You are such a thoughtful boy, JoJo.

[at a restaurant, a racist mobster insults Smokey]
Racist Mobster: (After a waiter explains Smoky is allowed to eat in the restaurant) What you allow beasts to gaze here, heh?
Smokey Brown: Guess I should be going... (Joseph keeps Smokey from getting up as he gets ready to fight)
Erina: JoJo!
Joseph: You heard him. Come on. You’re not going to tell me to stop, are you?
Erina No. People are entitled to their opinions. But this misbegotten oaf has given public insult to our friend! Be mindful of the other guests, now, but teach him a lesson!
Joseph: I was hoping you'd say that!
Racist Mobster: Well now boy, looking for a fight?

Mobster: (After being tricked into damaging his hand on a coat rack) MY GOOODDD!
Joseph: My brain can predict any move you make! Do you get that now, you simpleton?

Erina: I don't want you snared by evil from half a century ago.
Joseph: It will be alright. If this is my fate, I'll accept it fully.

Straizo: Even if it is in public, I will kill you before you can become a threat!
Joseph: Or perhaps not. (guns down Straizo) Yes, I was awaiting you, Straizo. That was on behalf of Speedwagon. But I don’t think you’ll go down so easily. Our war has begun!
Smokey: JoJo!
Straizo: That was a little too easy. Now the only one left is Erina Joestar. And that should be...
Joseph: I know what you'll say next.
Joseph & Straizo: (in unison) ...About as easy as taking candy from a baby. (Joseph scoffs)
Joseph: Hmm. Next thing you'll say is, "How could he possibly be alive with that hole in his head?" Am I right?
Straizo: But--- but how could he possibly be alive with that hole in his head? (gasps)

[After gunning Straizo down with a tommy gun.]
Joseph: Straizo! I'm going to give you choice on how to die! By sunlight, or by Hamon! Or maybe I should beat your brains in?! How do you feel about that?

Joseph: But do you think I rely on a gimmick like Hamon?
[Joseph makes a dash towards the window, yanking a grenade he placed on Straizo's scarf]
Straizo: (knocks the grenade off) Child's play!
Joseph: (While jumping out of the window) Sure, but I was still able to pull one over on you, wasn't I? And you should take a look at the grenade you just knocked away.
Straizo (finds a multitude of grenades on his cape): You son of a- (blown to bits)
Joseph: (After evading the explosion) That was a close one.

[While watching Straizo's disembodied parts putting themselves back together.]
Joseph: I have a secret weapon for situations such as this.
Smokey: A secret weapon? Really? What kind of weapon?
Joseph: Why isn't it obvious? Look at his legs, Smokey. I basically blew them to smithereens. And they still haven't fully healed yet. That's our ticket there!
Smokey: What do his legs have to do with your weapon?
Joseph: My legs are in great shape.
Smokey: So what are you gonna do, then?
Joseph: Run as fast as I can! Make way! Move! Out of the way!
[Joseph begins to flee.]
Smokey (running after Joseph): This guy's insane!

Joseph (mortally wounding Straizo): Give my regards to Speedwagon...IN HELL! [Knocks Straizo over the bridge] Granny should be able to sleep well tonight, finally.

Straizo: Joseph! You are fated to meet "him" soon. You will understand "his" identity and the true meaning of evolution! Your destiny has already been written...
[Straizo's body begins to crack as the Hamon contained is released]
Straizo: There is nothing I regret, Joseph. All this time I planned on entering Hell while still vibrant and filled with energy, not as some withered, desiccated corpse. I cannot tell you the ecstasy I have felt in being young again.
Joseph: Straizo, wait. Not yet! I need to know more!
Straizo: Farewell to you, JoJo!

Rudol von Stroheim: GERMAN SCIENCE IS THE BEST IN THE WORLD! DON'T YOU THINK? WE CAN DO ANYTHING!
Rudol von Stroheim (laughing hysterically from Santana tripping himself): "Ultimate lifeform?" More like "Ultimate idiot."

Santana: Major...Rudol...Rudol von Stroheim.

Joseph (poorly disguised as a woman): "All I got under my skirt is more tequila, big boy."
Joseph: You're it!
Speedwagon: Destroy him.
Joseph: Happy! Joy! Nice to meetcha! How you pose for me? Show me happy. Show me silly. Now how about you show those pearly whites?

Santana: You are playing games with me primitive? I do not want to play.

Joseph: (After Santana attacks him) Now I'm in the mood! One Hamon knuckle sandwich coming up!

Rudol von Stroheim: (Ordering Joseph to chop his leg off to expose Santana to sunlight) I'm a proud servant of the German Army! I am prepared to do my duty! I would proudly give a few legs for the sake of the Fatherland! Do it now, Joestar!

Rudol von Stroheim: (Detonates a grenade to force Santana out of his body) Farewell, you annoying English man!
[Stroheim blows himself up to expose Santana to the sunlight]
Joseph: Damn that crazy German and his honor! (sees Santana) SANTANA!
Santana (Charges JoJo): YOU ANNOY ME, PRIMITIVE! I WILL DESTROY YOU!
[Knocks Joseph over the well]
Santana: WHY DO YOU RESIST!
Joseph: Next you will say, "I've seen right through you, Joestar."
Santana: I'VE SEEN RIGHT THROUGH YOU, JOESTAR! Wha?

Joseph: Santana's a statue again, and we finally got that smile.
Caesar: We Italians value family above all others.

Caesar: (While playing cards) I saw that, JoJo. Deal the cards right. Only cowards cheat.
Joseph: Huh? Whatever do you -- [Caesar grabs his wrist]
Caesar: Deal the cards properly, Joestar, or play elsewhere! [Caesar shakes Joseph's wrist, causing about a dozen cards to start spilling out of his sleeve]
Joseph: Huh... fancy that. Well, that didn't work!
Caesar: Pathetic. You should be ashamed that you have to resort to cheating and gimmicks to beat me!
Joseph: You really are serious about cleanliness... [he pulls Caesar's leg onto the table, where we can see something placed on top of his shoe] This mirror is spotless!
Caesar: STOP PROVOKING ME, JOESTAR!
Joseph: OH, I HAVEN'T EVEN STARTED!

Wamuu: I see much has changed since I've slumbered. But your illuminations will not stop me.
[kills the guards before approaching Kars and Esidisi.]
Wamuu: Now, the time has come! Awaken, my masters!
Wamuu: Become stronger before you decide to face the mighty Wamuu again, child. That way, you can be worthy of my time as I destroy you with honor.
[throws Caesar back]
Wamuu: It seems there that was the only one to use Hamon here.
Kars: Let's go.
Joseph: Cough cough cough. Over here, look... right here. I'd appreciate it if you guys would notice that I'm here.
The Pillar Men: .....

Joseph (sing song): I've been working on my Hamon. All the live-long day.
Caesar: He is insane!

Joseph (while beating Wamuu with his clackers): This for killing Caesar's friend! This for not taking me seriously! AND THIS IS ME NOT LIKING YOUR UGLY FACE!

Wamuu: (turning around to see Joseph, crawling away behind the Pillar Man's back, pretending to be dead) I must be imagining things...

Esidisi: Well, that was fun.
Kars: Let us keep moving. Apparently the human race has regressed rather than evolved.
Wamuu: Quite an understatement.
[After the Pillar men take their leave.]
Joseph What the hell! Two poisoned wedding rings. One on my heart and the other on my wind pipe. Do they think I'm some sort of bigamist or- (faints)
Joseph: OH MY GOD! What was I thinking a month. I should have asked for a year.
Caesar: Jojo, a bit of advice: Stop screwing around and grow up!

Joseph: OH NO! The two phrases I hate the most are "hard work" and "work hard!"

Lisa Lisa: If you are willing to learn Hamon within a month, you must be willing to die for it!
Esidisi: What a piercing gaze you've developed! But when somebody gives me a challenging look, they're asking for death.
Joseph: "Victory is assured before the battle is even fought."

Esidici: You speak of Sun Tzu? I know him personally, having studied him two thousand years ago. "All war is deception. Hence, when we are able to attack, we must seem unable; when using our forces, we must appear inactive; when we are near, we must make the enemy believe we are far away; when far away, we must make him believe we are near."

Esidisi: Wamuu's Divine Sandstorm allows him manipulation over the wind, I have power over the inferno.

Esidisi: Joseph, the next line you'll say is, "I'm going to wipe that smirk off your face!" Watch.
Joseph: I'm going to wipe that smirk off your face! Wha? Wait a second, you can't do that! That's my trick!

Esidisi: You said, "Victory is assured before the battle is even fought." Well, it's true..True..TRUE!
[Joseph starts laughing.]
Esidisi: Are you really laughing as I'm about to deal you an excruciating death? Have you been driven completely insane by the fear?
Joseph: Well, let's see here. You'll notice my arms are folded and my eyes are closed, so this laugh would be one of victory, Esidisi. You're the loser here today because for the last 2000 years, you have been asleep at the wheel.
Esidisi: I lost?! What do you mean by that?!
Joseph: Oh, really? You don't get it? You can't read me as clearly as you thought you could? Let me help you understand just how badly you've underestimated me. You said that your plans went deep, well, they didn't go nearly as deep as mine. While you were snoozing for the past 2000 years, humans have progressed. During the 18th and 19th centuries, Legerdemain, or sleight of hand became a very popular form of entertainment. I'm a really big fan of myself. Illusion is my thing!
Esidisi: But... I cut all those strings! I cut them! It can't be!
Joseph: I'd say the rope magic worked. I laid my trap carefully, so that even if the string was cut, it would still function. A simple trick. What you’re going to say next is: “My veins will move faster than your pathetic Hamon can possibly go!” Now!
Esidisi: My veins will move faster than your pathetic Hamon can possibly go!
Joseph: Now feel the beat of my Hamon Overdrive!
Esidisi: I can't... I can't... You're only a human. I am the evolved one, the highest life form! I will not be beaten! Now that you've pushed me too far!
[As Esidisi's body explodes.]
Joseph: Esidisi's body is shooting some kind of strange energy. That must come from living for Millennia. Die already! Die with the power of life you stole from thousands of innocent human beings! My instructor, I thank you for torturing me. Mille Grazie to you, Loggins.
Joseph: Hey, Suzie Q.
[Suzie Q screams.]
Joseph: What the hell!?
Suzie Q: There's a stranger on the island!
Joseph: It's me, Jojo!

Joseph: So, what you think?
Suzie Q: Weird lips.
Joseph: Well, if we fall madly in love with each other, you can kiss these lips as much as you want.
Suzie Q: In your dreams!

Joseph: Well, if I'm gonna be sitting around for 30 minutes, I choose to do it here.
[sits next to Lisa Lisa's door]
Joseph: Would it to be wrong of me should my eyes happen to gaze through the keyhole?
[looks through and sees a naked Lisa Lisa]
Joseph: Hoh hoh hoh hooooooooohhh!! NIIIIIIICE!"
Stroholm (to Kars): YOU UTTER FOOL! GERMAN SCIENCE IS THE GREATEST IN THE WORLD!!!

Kars (to JoJo): I'll kill you in a moment.
Joseph: I've changed my mind. If you're going into that derelict hell, I'm coming too.

Wamuu: You are the bubble user named Caesar Zeppeli. I see from your eyes that you have grown stronger from your ordeals. Very well. I deem you worthy of death, bubble user.
Caesar: We'll see who dies!

Caesar: I see you took off your coat and prepared yourself, Wammu.

Caesar: *While using his Bubble Cutter on Wamuu* Running?
Wamuu: I will not run nor hide from you!

Wamuu: Why did you take my lip ring!?
Caesar: I... I'm not afraid to die here... But I am a proud member of the Zeppeli family, so you see, it's in my blood... Something like this, might mean nothing to a demented inhuman monster like you...! My father didn't recognize me, but he sacrificed his life to save mine anyway. My grandfather gave his Hamon energy to save JoJo's grandfather right before he died. It's tradition. I have to do something. I... I can't let my life's flame, just sputter out to darkness...!
[Caesar wraps his bandana around the ring.]
Caesar: This is the Zeppeli family spirit, handed down from the past to ensure the family's future! It's the human spirit! JOJO, THIS IS THE LAST OF MY HAMON! TAKE IT FROM MEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
[Caesar is crushed to death by a cross-shaped stone that fell on him.]

Wamuu: The memory of you and our last moments together will be engraved on me forever, Caesar Zeppelli. A man as splendid and fleeting as the bubbles he made.

Joseph: I swear to avenge your death, Caesar! Your spirit is with me! (seeing blood leaking from the cross-shaped stone that crushed Caesar minutes before they entered the hotel) Blood. His blood. This is...where he fell. Caesar...
Lisa Lisa: *breaks down in tears* Caesar...
Joseph: CAAAAEESAAAAARRRRRR!
Narrator: They were deep in enemy territory. Kars and Wamuu were very nearby, but the two simply couldn't help themselves. JoJo called out Caesar's name. Lisa Lisa's tears flowed freely. But their heartbroken cries of grief were answered only by a cold silence. Caesar...was gone. As they mourned him, they took solace in one simple fact: Though his body had died, his soul would live on through them. Rest in peace... Caesar Zeppeli.
Lisa Lisa (after infecting Wire with Hamon): Jojo, let's go.
Wired Beck: Where are you going? (to Joseph) Don't you think females deserve to be punished?
Joseph: You're the one who's about to be punished. And your time is up. Hamon is coursing through you.
Wired Beck: Don't be ridiculous, I'm not-- (His body starts to dissolve) AAARGH! NOOOOOOOOOOO!

Joseph (Getting on the vampire horse-drawn chariot): Let's ride!
Joseph: (Over the vampires cheering Wamuu on): Why do the bad guys get all the fans?

Joseph: Next, you're going to say, "Don't dishonor our battle, JoJo."
Wamuu: Don't dishonor our battle, JoJo! Huh!?
Wamuu: So it is finally over now, JoJo.
Joseph: It is.
Wamuu: You took revenge for Caesar.
Joseph: Yes, I did.
Wamuu: Then go ahead. Finish it.
Joseph: I WILL!!!!!!
Wamuu: What is going on?
Joseph: That smoke isn't from the flaming oil. It's coming from your wounds. The Hamon from your arms spread through you. Every part of you is infected now. You are dissolving. I can only imagine the agony you feel. I can't prevent you from dying now. But there's this. My blood can at least ease your pain.
Wamuu: Why do you want to shame me? I have made peace with myself. Stop! I don't need pity from you!
Joseph: Is that what you think? That this is done out of pity for you? No. Why didn't you destroy Caesar's bubble of blood that carried his bandana and ring, knowing very well that they posed a serious threat to you? Was that pity?
Wamuu: It was because the man was a worthy and noble warrior. He deserved to be honored for that.
Joseph: What you'll say next is, "JoJo, you can't mean..."
Wamuu: JoJo, you can't mean...
Joseph: Yes, I do, Wamuu. The honor you showed my friend, Caesar's warrior spirit, had earned your respect. So in return, I wanted to find a way to honor your warrior spirit. My blood is a tribute to you.
Wamuu: You beat me, JoJo. And as a warrior, it would now appear that you stand taller than I do.
Vampires: Kill the bastard!
Wamuu (Attacking vampires trying to kill Joseph): Hold! What betrayal is this?! You cowardly cannibals!
Joseph: Wamuu! Why do that?
Wamuu: I am Wamuu. Although sworn to Lord Kars, I will not allow the vampires to attack you. It's not because of sentiment. I told Caesar this as well. To me, only the strong truly existed. Victory was the single quality to be admired. I existed only according to my own code of honor. JoJo, please understand. To me, immortality was something utterly important and trivial. All that has ever mattered to me was living up to my code. And now, I desire that you should drink the antidote. You must do it before I dissolve completely away.
Joseph: You won't see it, though.
Wamuu: I don't need eyes, words, or a horn. I will know it. What matters is that you do it.
[Joseph honors Wamuu's last request to take the antidote.]
Wamuu: I have no regrets. I am glad I was able to witness your growth as a warrior. Perhaps the reason I lived these thousands of years was so that I could meet you at the end. Farewell to you, warrior JoJo... (Dissolves to dust)
Narrator: Wamuu became one with the wind. JoJo gave his opponent one final salute. Though no tears fell, they had shared a silent song. They had shared a warrior's affinity.

Kars: I am the only one left, because the world and everything on it belong to me.

Kars (after mortally wounding Lisa Lisa in a sneak attack): I am no warrior like Wamuu, nor am I a romantic. I don't care what method I have to use, victory justifies any means!

Kars (to his vampires): Kill Jojo!
Joseph: KARS! KARS! KARS! YOU'LL PAY FOR THIS! (starts fighting vampires.)

Kars: *making guitar noises while playing with Lisa Lisa's legs*
Joseph: You utter bastard!

Joseph (After being forced to leave himself open to attack to keep Lisa Lisa alive): KARS! THERE'S A PLACE FOR YOU IN HELL!
Joseph: Kars! You lived too long! Your soul has decayed. It's like a pumpkin left to rot in the field. Even the flies avoid it!

Joseph: You may have lived for thousands of years, Kars. But against the likes of me, you need another decade! YOU'RE THROUGH! HAMON! OOOVEEERDRIIIVEEE!
Stroheim: He has become the ubermensch!
Kars: Alpha. Omega. I am now both.

Joseph: One all-or-nothing gambit!
Stroheim: All-or-nothing gambit, you say!?
Joseph: Yeah! It's my final move!
Stroheim: What does it involve?
Smokey: JoJo, when you say 'final move', you're not referring to THAT, are you?
Joseph: Listen up! This is something you've got to do for yourselves!
Stroheim: Just tell me what to do and I'll follow your lead, JoJo!
Joseph: Hmmmhmmhmmmhmmhmmm... (Grabs the Super Aja while running off) RUN FOR YOUR LIIIIIVEEEESSS!!!!
Smokey (running after Joseph): AWWWW MAN, I knew you're gonna do thaaaat!!
Kars (turning his arms into wings): Hamon users are beneath me now. But to avenge Wamuu and Esidisi, I will kill you Joseph Joestar!

Joseph: You're not the only one who can fly! I'm comin' for you!

Joseph: Carpe diem as they say.

Kars (while in the magma): I am still alive!
Kars: I have conquered the sun. Did you think Hamon was beyond me?

Kars: Did you plan this too, JoJo?! Tell me!
Joseph (Out loud): Why are you even asking!? I set a trap and you walked right into it! All of this went down like clockwork! (Monologue) I just got lucky, but thinking I outsmarted him will drive Kars nuts!

Kars: No! The Earth! No! Don't panic! Just find the Earth. I'll use air to change my trajectory. Once I'm back on solid ground, I will tear that boy apart! (starts to freeze and groan in pain) No! It's not working! I'm freezing! The air is freezing around me! The moment it comes out of the jets, it turns to ice! (Spouts wings, but they freeze while he drifts further as his body freezes over) I can't change my path! I can't move!
Narrator: So ended Kars, last and greatest of the Pillar Men. His body turned hard as rock and he floated through space for the rest of time, never to return. He wished for death, but there was nothing out there to kill him. The spark of thought within him went dim...and then...silent.

Joseph (After crashing his own funeral and learning his wife failed to alert their friends of his survival): Suzie Q, what the hell?! You had one job, woman! ONE JOB!

Old man Joseph (kicked a Japanese man in the stomach after learning his nationality while they bumped into each other): Her son doesn't even see his grandfather. And that's why I'll never forgive the Japanese! (takes out a cassette player) They do make nifty gadgets, though.
Holly: (running to her son's cell) Jotaro! Jotaro! JOTARO!
Jotaro: SHUT THE HELL UP! GET OUT OF MY FACE, STUPID BITCH!
Holly: OKAY!

[Jotaro is in prison, refusing to leave his jail cell despite the fact that he's been released.]
Jotaro: What.. Mom, is that you? Tch! Go away.. I'll be staying here for a little while.
Holly: ...?
Jotaro: I am possessed by an 'evil spirit'... I have no idea what 'it' could make me do.

Jotaro: Why are you such an annoying bitch?
Holly: Okay~, I dunno~!
Joseph: Jotaro! How dare you talk to your mother that way! And Holly, stop smiling at him, you'll only encourage it!
Holly: OKAY!
Jotaro: SHUT UP!!! YOU'RE FREAKIN' ANNOYING!!!!
Jotaro: Look, no one ever said Jotaro Kujo was a nice guy. I beat the crap outta people, more than I have to. Some are even still in the hospital. I've had idiot teachers who like to talk big, so I taught them a lesson and they never came back to class. If I go to a restaurant and the food is bad, I make it a policy to stiff 'em with the bill. But, even a bastard like me... can spot true evil when he sees it! True evil...are those who use the weak for their own gain, then crush them underfoot when they're through! Especially an innocent woman! And that is exactly what you've done, isn't it? And your Stand gets to hide from the victim, the law, and the consequences. That's why... I will judge you myself!!
Jotaro: So the loser's evil, huh? In that case...I'll teach you justice! (Star Platinum beating up Kakyoin) With my Stand!
Noriaki: JoJo's mother is a woman capable of calming the hearts of others. People feel at ease around her. This may sound awkward... but if I were to fall in love, I'd like it to be with someone like her. I would give my all for her. And I would want to always see her warm, happy smile.
Enya Geil: The emotion of fear. Fear is a natural reaction within all living creatures. Now, why does fear exist? There is the kind of fear stirred by instinct. And then, there is fear from logic. Namely, when one comes across something stronger than them, and there is absolutely no way to fight back. Or when they encounter something unknown. You may either struggle, resist, run away, or accept. But upon meeting upon meeting Lord DIO, a fifth option is introduced...Joy!

Grey Fly: This world is full of Stands that surpass even your wildest imagination! Those loyal to DIO will follow you at every turn! You bastards won't even see Egypt. Your deaths will be swift and painful!

Jotaro:  (To Joeseph upon hearing his track record of plane crashes) I'm never flying with you again.
Polnareff: Bravo, sir! Bravo!
Joesph: Eagh! Those tentacles are so gross, I can't even look at 'em!

[Polnareff, having been serious moments ago, taking pictures of two ladies from the plane wanting to see the Joestar Group again.]
Avdol: This is nothing like the Polnareff of a moment ago.
Kakyoin: It's like his emotions change on a dime.
Joseph: More like he's got two brains, and the one downstairs suddenly started calling the shots.
Jotaro (adjusts his cap): ...Oh, give me a break.
Jotaro: You're the only one swallowin' saltwater, pops, choke on it... Tell him, Avdol.
Avdol: Your folly was trying to out-predict me, a fortune teller, tough break.
Polnareff: Well said, Avdol.

Fake Captain: But your power was being drained... You let yourself go limp on purpose didn't you? You concentrated your power in your fingers... That's what you were thinking all along...
Ebony Devil: You idiot! No assassin worth the damn would ever reveal his Stand's identity. It only happens in the face of death for him or his opponent! You guys are so stupid always showing off your Stands everywhere you go! It's your own fault that we know all your weaknesses! If it weren't for that mirror, I would've killed you! You're just a moron who got lucky!
Rubber Soul: Do you understaaaaaaaand?!

Jotaro: But we Kujos...no, us Joestars got this philosophy when it comes to fighting. That's...to run away!

Jotaro: Your Stand may be invincible, but you sure as hell aren't! If I destroy you, then your Stand dies too. Do you understand? Listen, I've had it up to here with that cocky-ass mouth of yours, alright? I just happen to be the type of guy who takes these things to heart! (punches Rubber Soul in the face.)

Jotaro: Just shut up already. I have nothing more to say to you. You're way too pathetic... I'm done wasting my breath. (Grabs Rubber Soul in a hold so Star Platinum can beat the villain to retire.)
Hol Horse (to Polnareff): The gun is mightier than the sword!

Kakyoin (elbowing Polnareff in the face after they escaped Hol Horse and the Hanged Man): Considered this proof that we've made up, Polnareff.
Polnareff: Agh! Merci... Kakyoin...
Kakyoin: Next time they come after us... we'll fight them together!

Polnareff (to Kakoyin): You’ve got to say something more like this before you get revenge. (to J. Geil) My name is Jean-Pierre Polnareff. For the honor of my dear sister's soul and so that my friend Avdol can rest in peace, I shall send you falling into the depths of Hell!

J. Geil: Kukukukuku... You really did waste your youth trying to hunt me down... but it looks like you won't succeed! What a pathetic life you've lived!

J. Geil (While attempting to open a gate to escape): It won't open!
Polnareff: Looks like you're the one who's really good at sobbing, J. Geil. And you're about to plummet into hell, begging and crying the whole way down. But there's one thing I can't rely on the guardians of Hell to do. And that's...to turn your body into a pincushion!
Empress: What the hell is this?!
Joseph: Hmm? I might as well... what now? I'm sorry, my hearing isn't exactly what it once was. Run that by me one more time, will ya?
Empress: It's coal tar! That was your plan all along! It wasn't to suffocate me, you were trying to keep me from moving! But how?! How did you know there was coal tar in there?!
Joseph: With my Stand's power, Hermit Purple, told me everything!
Empress: You drew a map with Hermit Purple?! That's how you found a tar?! A map out of incense ashes?!
Joseph: Yeah! Now I think even a glorified pimple like you should see the difference in our fighting experience. "When your opponent starts boasting, he's already lost." That, shrew, is a line from my wilder days. Like a fine wine, I guess I just get better with age! And now! A Stand will defeat another Stand! Next you'll say, "Please, stop it! I beg you!"
Empress: PLEASE, JUST STOP IT! I BEG YOU! AH!
Joseph: This will hurt me as much as it hurts you, but children can't depend on their parents forever! Once you've grown up... (Leaps to pull at Empress, ripping the Stand to pieces) You've got to learn to live on your own! Now, then. I wonder where that thing Stand user is hiding.
Jotaro (upon seeing the girl): Good frick'n grief.

ZZ: Wheel of Fortune is gonna grind you into hamburger and splatter you all over these rocks!

ZZ (As Jotaro appeared to have burned to death): I won!!! Your valiant hero finally bit the dust!
Jotaro: Is that so? (while emerging from underground, leaving his jacket behind) And who exactly is going to replace me, Jotaro Kujo? Let me guess, you thought it'd be you, you roadhog!

Enya (deciding to go after the Joestar group): I, Enya, will be your final opponent! I will destroy you with my Stand of Justice!
Enya (To Hol Horse): How dare you call yourself his friend! You cretin! You Judas!
Enya: Just one little wound is all I need...then "Justice" will do the rest!
Enya: Justice always prevails.
Steely Dan (in disguise): BYE-BYE, THANK-YOU NOW!

Enya (final words): He believes in me, so I'll serve him even in death... I won't betray him...
Joseph (after Enya is killed by Lovers): OH GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!

Steely Dan: My name is Dan... Steely Dan. My Stand is represented by the card of "The Lovers".

Polnareff: The old bitch's son killed my sister and she gave me Hell, so I should be glad that she's dead... but I'm REALLY having complicated feelings towards her right now!!

Joseph (after Silver Chariot made a harmless microscopic cut in a blood vein): OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD! I don't feel so good...

Steely Dan: Please! I'm begging you, forgive me!
Jotaro: Ask for forgiveness from Enya, the woman you killed. But as for me, I never had the slightest intention of forgiving you.
Steely Dan (attempting to bribe Jotaro): D-DIO paid me in advance. You...you can have it all.
Jotaro: Good grief. I know this is blatantly obvious, but you really are a piece of work. What you owe me...can never be paid back with money! (Star Platinum proceeds to beat Steely Dan with extreme prejudice before punching him into a tower, Jotaro tallying the tab) Your receipt. Keep the frigging change.
Joseph: Agh! Son of a...bitch!

[After Arabia Fats was easily defeated]
Joseph: You mean...we already beat the Stand User?
Kakyoin: You hit the nail on the head.
Caption: The Sun—RETIRED.
Baby Stand: LALIHOOOO!!
Cameo: HAIL 2 U!

[While Polnareff is battling the fake versions of his sister and Avdol, the real Avdol appears. Polnareff believes the real Avdol had died.]
Polnareff: ARE YOU REALLY MUHAMMAD AVDOL?!
Avdol (waggling a finger before striking a pose): Tsk tsk! Yes, you had better believe I am!!

Polnareff: No, stop this charade. You're not the real Sherry. My Sherry is gone, dead! You're nothing but... [kills fake Sherry] A hunk of dirt!!
Polnareff: (After finding Cameo's hiding place) HELL 2 U.

Avdol: Last but not least, my fourth wish is to not grant a single one of your pitiful wishes. My Magician's Red forgives no one, especially not you.
N'Doul: (thought) I can't believe it! He actually threw the dog...

Jotaro: (After seeing N'Doul use his own stand to fatally wound himself.) Why did you-
N'Doul: Jotaro... You... You thought you could... You thought you could manipulate me and force me to tell you information regarding the other eight Stand users, didn't you? Ugh! I'm very well aware... that Joseph Joestar's Hermit Purple can view into the minds of others... Ugh! You'll never get inside my head, and I'll never tell you anything that you could use against my master... Ah ha ha ha...!
Jotaro: DIO... I don't understand why you're so loyal to him. Are you honestly telling me... that you'd die for him?
N'Doul: Jotaro... You're right, you don't understand. Fear of death holds no place in my heart. Hah! Because of the power of my Stand, I've always been able to live a life unencumbered by such inconsequential fears like death. I could always win any fight. I could have and do whatever I wanted... Killing and stealing were absolutely meaningless to me. You should talk to the mutt about it. I'm sure he knows how I feel. DIO was the first person, who was able to look deep within my soul and find something more. He was the one who gave me a desire to live. That glorious force of nature, he was so strong, so wise, so beautiful! He was the one and only person in my life to ever see a purpose for my existence. I waited such a long time, for an opportunity to meet him. I will gladly die for my master's sake. (coughs) But no matter what, I refuse to do anything that would disappoint him... (vomits blood) And after all, evil or not, a scoundrel needs someone to put his faith in... (chuckles) I'll tell you this before I go; You should know what my name is N'Doul, and my Stand hails from Egypt, the birthplace of the Tarot; It's referred to as one of the Nine Gods of Egypt, Geb of the great Ennead. We call it the God of the Earth...
Jotaro: Nine Egyptian Gods? What does that mean?
N'Doul: Ha ha ha! Sorry, but I'll only tell you about my Stand. It's only fair since you're the one who ended up stopping me, but info on my compatriots goes with me to my grave...
Oingo: Our cards are the God of knowledge Thoth, and the God of creation Khnum! We are the Oingo Boingo brothers!
Anubis: I did it! I win! Master DIO, I've exterminated Jotaro. I, Anubis, have finally put him down. Victory is mine!
Anubis: Just forget it. You're not going to be able to pull out that blade. Give up already. I'm not sure you're tiny brain has realized it, but I've surpassed Star Platinum. And now the final thrust...
Jotaro: The...final thrust?
Anubis: Yes, precisely! Once I slice open your bowels, Master DIO will rejoice!
Jotaro: Please, stop this... Don't drive the blade any further. It...it'll be murder...
Anubis: Nice try, but you won't get any mercy from me! I CAN'T WAIT TO SPILL YOUR GUTS!

Anubis: Hey! Yoohoo! Oh, fishies, look down here! Come on, swim over to me! Hey, wait! Where are you going?! Hey, Mr. Crab! It's a pleasure to meet ya'! Would you mind doing me a favor and taking me ashore? I'll give you something yummy. WAIT, Mr. Crab, you just can't leave me here! I'll be rusted through in a couple of days! Please, help me! DON'T LEAVE ME HERE! OOOOH HO HO, I'M SO ALONE!
Avdol: "Disasters in the bathroom" is Polnareff's department!
Joseph: If that's how you're going to be, then it's your loss, young lady.
Mariah: What?! Sh-Shit...!
Joseph: Weren't you listening to us earlier? You've been caught between us the whole time! Magnets are attracted to each other, you know! It's too late to do anything about it now! By getting between us is your biggest blunder!
Avdol: There's no way she can hear you, Mr. Joestar. She's already lost consciousness. And all the magnetic forces crushed her and it's very likely that she snapped more than a few bones in the process.
Joseph: Alright, where do we get that breakfast are we talking about?
Avdol: Yes, a wonderful idea. All this running around has made me rather honery.
Joseph: Is it really only 9 AM?
Mariah: Damn you...piece of shit...
Alessi: Attaboy!
Kid Jotaro: (decking Alessi) Good grief. Don't underestimate me because I'm a kid.
Alessi: What?! You're seriously telling me that Jotaro could kick ass, even as a little kid...?!
Alessi: ATTABOOOOOOOOOOYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Daniel J. D'Arby: Make your move. It's your turn, Joestar!
Daniel J. D'Arby: I thought I laid it out plainly. If you don’t like gambling, then say so.
Joseph (exasperated): For the last time, I have NO idea where you're going with this!
Daniel J. D'Arby: Oh, all right. What I'm asking is if you and your friends would like to play a little game.

Daniel J. D'Arby: [after Jotaro receives a blue drink] Ah! You're kidding me!? You got a drink, too!? When did you have a chance to- You bastard! How dare you make fun of me! Let's finish this! My hand is unbeata-
Jotaro: Hold it. Why're you jumping the gun when I haven't raised the pot yet?
Daniel J. D'Arby: R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-Raise the pot?! No! You don't have anything to raise it with!
Jotaro: That’s where you’re wrong. I’ll raise you with my mother’s soul.
Daniel J. D'Arby: WHAT?!?!?!
Avdol: Are you out of your mind?! Jotaro, why would you bet your mother's soul?!
Jotaro: I came to Egypt to save my mother, so if I wager her soul, she won't mind. But, D'Arby, you'll have to match my mother's soul. For that... I'll have you tell me the secret of DIO's Stand!"
Jotaro: Come on! Are you gonna call my bluff or fold?! Decision time! Spit it out already! D’ARBY!!!!!!!!

Daniel J. D'Arby: Call, call, call, call, call, call, call, call, call, call...
Hol Horse: Listen, Boingo, I am proud to say that I'm a gentleman and a proper gentleman at that. 'Cause of that, I got girls all over the world. I might tell a white lie now and again, but I'd never haul off and hit one. I respect all the ladies, the beauties, the plain ones, and even the ugly ones. There's no way your prediction will ever come to pass! Come hell or high water, I swear I will never hit a woman! She could pay me every dime, nickel, and quarter she had. I still wouldn't put my hands on her!
Boingo: It's 100% true, yes.

Polnareff: Shut your mouth!
Joseph: You mean-
Hol Horse: (furious) Damn it, Polnareff! You lowdown, dirty son of a... You were cluing 'em in! You’ve pissed me off for the last time! I've just about had enough of you! Now, die!
Avdol: What's he doing here?!
Hol Horse: Why? You idiot, you had to sneeze?
Iggy: W-What the hell was that? Who does this guy think he is, Bruce Lee? Hey, can't you hear!? I said I'll stay away from your boss's mansion! Let's stop this, okay?
Terrence D'Arby: It-It can't be! I accidentally released his soul from the doll!
Joseph: Before I forget... what to do with you, you button-mashing jerk?
Terrence T. D'Arby: Oh, shit! Please, mercy, I beg you! I've already given you back Kakyoin's soul, haven't I? It's like they say, no harm, no foul! We're good... right? Right? Right?
Jotaro: You want to know whether I'll forgive you, why don't you just do what you do best and read my mind?
Jotaro's soul: No! No! No! No! No!
Jotaro: Answer this. Will I hit you with my right fist or decide to deck you with my left? I'd love to know.
Terrence D'Arby: Well, since you're asking, you'll use... your right one?
Jotaro's soul: No! No! No! No! No!
Terrence D'Arby: Then... your left?
Jotaro's soul: No! No! No! No! No!
Terrence D'Arby: You're... not gonna use both, are you?
Jotaro's soul: Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! YES!
Terrence D'Arby: Are you going to do the "Ora Ora" thing?!
Joseph: *annoyed* YES! YES! YES! OH MY GOD...!
Star Platinum: ORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORA!
Narrator: Terrence D'Arby: Out of Commission!
Vanilla Ice: Yes, it'd be an honor. (sets up a pot for Dio) What is mine is yours!

Avdol: (While facing Vanilla Ice's Stand Cream) My god! What IS that abomination?! Impossible! Neither my flames nor Iggy could sense it! Where did it come from?! POLNAREFF, IGGY, YOU HAVE TO GET OUT OF HERE NOW!

Vanilla Ice: YOU'RE NOT GOING TO DEFEAT ME!
Polnareff: Now go to hell, asshole.

DIO: Time to meet your end, Polnareff!
Polnareff: So that's your stand, The World? Bring it!
DIO: MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA!

Senator Philips: *thought, after DIO ripped his two front teeth and orders him to drive* "W-who the hell are you!? Do you think you're going to get a away with this!? (to himself) No, of course he won't. No one could get away with doing this to me. I graduated high school and college at the top of my class! I was captain of my college wrestling team! Even after I graduated, I was respected and revered! That's how I became a politician! I have a villa on a thousand acres in Hawaii! I married a beautiful model who is 25 years younger than me! I pay 50 times more in taxes than ordinary people! I've defeated every enemy I've faced! I'll eventually become President! I am Senator Philips!

DIO: You're next, Jotaro!
Jotaro: Damn you... DIO!
DIO: Oh? So you still want to fight? It would appear pigheadedness runs in the family.
Jotaro: I have to move closer if I wanna beat your sorry ass to a pulp.
DIO: Hoho, then by all means, come closer.

Kakyoin: *monologue* I always thought living in a big city would mean meeting a lot of people. But how many people meet others that they can truly understand, and who truly understand them? I probably won't ever find someone who sees me for who I am. Because I don't have a single friend that can see my Hierophant Green.
DIO: This is the final time I will stop time! THE WORLD!
DIO: [smirks and jumps away into the air] One second has passed... Two seconds have passed... Three seconds have passed.
DIO: Four seconds have passed...
DIO: Five seconds have passed...
Jotaro: The one thing that I know, DIO, is that the next time I see your face, I'm probably going to bust a vein!
DIO: Six seconds have passed...
Jotaro: Bring it on, DIO!
DIO: Seven seconds have passed...
DIO: I'M GOING TO ROLL ALL OVER YOU!!!
Star Platinum: ORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORA!
DIO: It's too late! Time to die!
DIO: MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA! EIGHT SECONDS! WRYYYYYYYY! I'LL OBLITERATE YOU!
Star Platinum: ORA!
DIO: Nine seconds... I did it... It's over... The World has defeated Star Platinum. My Stand is more powerful than his. I am immortal, I am everlasting. Heheheheh... Hahahahaha... STAND POWER! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Now there is incontrovertible truth that no one on this miserable planet is stronger than me! You loathsome humans... I shall rule over your pathetic species until the end of time! NOW BOW BEFORE MY WISDOM AND POWER! TEN SECONDS! Hehehehehe. Would you look at that... I CAN STOP TIME FOR TEN SECONDS! Alright, now that I defeated Jotaro, I should inspect his lifeless body and drink his blood... That is if there's any blood left to savor...
DIO: This can't be... My body is slowing down... What's happening...? N-No... It's not that I'm slowing down... For some reason, I can't move at all! I don't get it! This is impossible! I'm frozen!
Jotaro: DIO! It's been eleven seconds. I guess that's your stand limit, huh?
DIO: What?!
Jotaro: I stopped time at nine seconds. It's a good thing I did. You gave me a chance to escape. Good grief, you idiot. Here's the thing! Since you're frozen like that, destroying you will only take a second!
DIO: Jo... Jotaro! This is madness! You can stop time, too? Curse you! This whole act was a ruse to waste my nine seconds, wasn't it, you bastard?!
Jotaro: How does it feel, DIO? Tell me. How does it feel having your archenemy tower behind you while you stand frozen and helpless? I suppose it's a lot like holding your breath while underwater, or at least someone's ought to get you and your air is running out as you desperately swim for your life. Then, after finally reaching the surface and taking a breath, you get pulled right back in. Sound familiar? But after everything you've done, DIO, you're not gonna get any sympathy from me.
Star Platinum: ORA!
Jotaro: Time is about to start moving again. Compassion is something you're never gonna get from me. I haven't got any kindness for your sorry, undead ass. Oh, I gotta admit. You look pretty pathetic riving on the ground in agony. As much as I want to, killing you like this would leave a pretty bad taste in my mouth. Wonder how long it'll take for you to heal? Three seconds? Four maybe? The very moment your legs are healed, Star Platinum's headed your way, to demolish you! If this were the Wild West, the hero would say "It's High Noon." Now get off the ground and draw your piece, DIO. You're getting one shot.
DIO: (Thinking) This insignificant whelp... How dare he mock me! Though I shouldn't be surprised. Of course you would use this opportunity to make such a human declaration! You think like a true mortal, cursed with a fleeting life destined for obscurity. A bad taste in your mouth, you say? What, are you afraid you'll regret killing me? That reasoning is as pathetic as your species, your foolish honor will be your demise! That is where you and I differ. My vision is clear and my mind is focused on a single goal. I want to dominate. Nothing more, nothing less. That is the only thing that will bring me fulfillment! But how I go about doing that... (speaking) DOESN'T MATTER IN THE SLIGHTEST!
DIO: There! How about a little blood on your eyes?! I win! Die!
Jotaro/Star Platinum: ORAAA!
DIO: (as his head is destroyed while his Stand shatters from a clash with Star Platinum) WHAT THE HELL?! IT'S IMPOSSIBLE! I AM THE IMMORTAL DIO! I...AM...DIO...!!!
[DIO's body explodes]
Jotaro Kujo: When the sun comes up, you'll be nothing but dust. You only made one mistake. One that got you killed. DIO, this whole thing might've ended differently, but...you went and pissed me off. Was it worth it?

[After reviving Joseph by transfusing his blood back from Dio's corpse.]
Jotaro Kujo: Old man?
Joseph Joestar: [evil laugh] You're a damn fool, Jotaro!
Jotaro Kujo: You have got to be kidding!
Joseph Joestar: All you did was resurrect yours truly!
Jotaro Kujo: [actives his Stand] Bastard!
Joseph Joestar: WAIT! Calm down, Jotaro! It was a joke, I was just kidding! There's no need to get violent! I'm sorry. I was just trying to have some fun. You have my word, it's me!
[shows off his Stand]
Joseph Joestar: I'm Joseph Joestar. I was born September 27 in 1920. My wife's name is Suzi Q and I collect comics as a hobby.
Jotaro Kujo: ...I have a question for you. Who's the leading actress in "Tarzan the Ape Man"?
Joseph Joestar: Bo Derek!
Jotaro Kujo: Okay, now answer this one. Who sang "Eat It", the spoof of "Beat It"?
Joseph Joestar: "Weird" Al Yankovic!
Jotaro Kujo: Good grief... It has to be you. Who else would know pointless crap like that?

Polnareff: Goodbye, you wrinkled old coot, you live a long life, you hear? And you, his cheapskate grandson; don't you dare forget about me!
Joseph Joestar: Let us meet again! That is if you don't already hate me by then, you stupid jackass!
Jotaro Kujo: I can't ever forget a clown like you even if I tried, you bastard. Take care.
Jotaro Kujo: Hey, you cackle like hens about his hair on your own time!
Josuke Higashikata: Bastard. Do you want to repeat what you just said about my hair?!
Jotaro Kujo: Hold on a minute, Josuke. I wasn't trying to take a shot at your hair.
Jotaro Kujo: (Shit! Here it comes!)
Jotaro Kujo: Do you see it, Josuke? This is called a Stand. It's the physical manifestation of the soul. Joseph has one of these as well. Only a Stand User can see another Stand.
Josuke Higashikata: You know, it pisses me off when someone decides to bad-mouth my pride and joy! It really grinds my gears!
Jotaro Kujo: So that's what his Stand looks like!
Crazy Diamond: DORARAAAAA!
Crazy Diamond: DORA!
Jotaro Kujo: This kid's power is unreal!
Josuke Higashikata: Heh. Don't know if you realized this, nephew, but you left your chest wide open!
Jotaro Kujo: Enough!
Josuke Higashikata: Where did he-?
Josuke Higashikata: Why you! When did y-
Jotaro Kujo: Shut your mouths and get the hell out of here before your whining bitching makes me angrier!
Josuke: (after fusing Angelo with a stone) Enjoy your eternal penance, Angelo. Reflect on the life you stole from my grandpa and all the others!
Josuke: Seriously? There are other Stand users besides us at this school?
Tamami: Yeah. He's Toshikazu Hazamada, a student in 3-C. This Hazamada guy apparently got into an argument over something silly with a friend right around the start of spring. One of them had insulted the other's favorite idol or anime or something. That night, surprisingly, the friend he got into an argument with gouged out his own eye with a mechanical pencil. Isn't that insane?
Tamami: Apparently Hazamada's friend said this at the hospital: "Next thing I knew, I was staring with at my left eye, which I'd gouged out, with my right eye.

Koichi: There's something scary going on in my town. If Morioh City is in danger, that means my parents, my sister, and everyone else important to me will have to face that danger. So even if it's scary, I gotta do something!

[A high school girl, mistaking Surface's imitation for the real Josuke, hands it a love letter.]
Hazamada: Why the hell did you accept that? Rip this stupid thing up!
[Hazamada rips up the letter.]
Hazamada: Damn it... What the hell is the difference between you and me?
Surface: Why does that even matter?
Hazamada: Wha...
Surface: You don't have time to waste, do you?
Hazamada: Who the hell do you think you're talking to?!
[Hazamada punches Surface in the face, accompanied with a dull thunk. He ends up with a wound on his hand.]
Hazamada: Ow!
Surface: You scraped your hand? That was dumb. I'm made of wood, remember?
[Hazamada attacks his Stand once more, this time with his bag.]
Hazamada: Shut up! Get away from me!

[Hazamada, thinking back on other times he used his Stand to replicate other people.]
Hazamada: The other day, I had it copy my crush, Junko, so I could have my way with her, but I got pissed off because it kept doing things to piss me off, so I never even got anywhere. Doesn't anyone in this world have a decent personality? Damn it!
Hazamada: Stand users, for some reason, seem to be unknowingly drawn to each other, 

Koichi: Wh... What should I do... To make Yukako think that I'm bad for her?
Josuke: Well, most girls aren't into bad hygiene or momma's boys.
Koichi: I-I don't want her to think I'm a momma's boy! She might get mad at my mom and put her in danger!
Okuyasu: Then it's a bad hygiene for you! Starting today, don't take baths!
Koichi: Huh?
Josuke: Yeah, and don't brush your teeth or change your underwear.
Okuyasu: How about getting some lice or spiders in your hair?
Josuke: Having smelly socks is pretty bad.
Okuyasu: Maybe you should fart all the time too!
Josuke: Oh yes, she'll totally hate that!

Yukako: Koichi, you... don't seem to be very well-liked by your friends. But don't worry... I'm here with you...! From now on, I'll stay by your side and make you into a "real man"! That's why I'm here to take you away!

Koichi: B... yeah?
Yukako: AHHH! Correct! I'm glad! See, you do know this! And here it is, your boiled egg! Here, I'll take the shell off for you... Do you want some salt with it?
Koichi: (Phew... she seems to be in a good mood now! Now if only she'll let her guard down so I can leave...)
Yukako: By the way, if you had chosen 'A', I would have made you eat this eraser!
Koichi: HUH?!
Yukako: Box C had a bar of soap.
Josuke: For the love of God, drop the meat!
Tonio: Wash your disgusting hands with soap this instant! Honestly, entering a kitchen without permission is inexcusable! Ascolti. Cleanliness in the kitchen is priority one, amico mio!
Akira: I'm ready for round 2 with Crazy Diamond, but I'll only use my little pinky... just like I did with Okuyasu!
Josuke: If you're planning to use only your pinky in this showdown, then I've got a couple of rules of my own.
Akira: You can take your rules and shove 'em, fool! Rules are wasted on a punk kid like you!
Akira: AAAAAAAAAAAGH! YOU DAMN BASTARD! HOW DARE YOU?!
Josuke: Well, you did say that rules are wasted on me. You also said something about bringing me down with your pinky finger. So what's the wannabe rocker Otoishi gonna do now?
Akira: I'll kill you.
Josuke: YOU ALREADY SAID THAT! Don't you have any new material, fool?!
Joseph: [feeling the baby] Josuke... this is a girl.
Josuke: Yeah, you can tell if it's a boy or a girl by feeling between the legs.
[Both laugh. Beat, then Josuke chases Joseph with his stick]
[the baby falls into a pond and Josuke can't see her]
Joseph: [cuts his hand] Josuke... if this kills me, please give my regards to your mother. I am quite old, after all.
Josuke: What the hell are you doing?
Joseph: Adding color to the water so that we can trace the baby.
[It works, and the baby is found]
Josuke: Why would he do this for a baby, for someone he doesn't even know?
Joseph: I just wanted to look cool, in front of my boy.
[Josuke smiles at his father, and helps him up]
Josuke: What the hell... did you say... HUH?!?!?!?!
Okuyasu: Just take it easy, Josuke!
Josuke: I dare you to insult my hair again!!!!!!!
Rohan: If you insist. Fine, here goes. You might think your hair looks cool, but in actuality it may be the shittiest hairstyle I've ever had the misfortune of laying eyes upon! Though to be fair, that nest atop your useless noggin may come in handy should a pigeon come by and decide to roost. But that's a very strong "may".
Crazy Diamond: DORARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARA!!!!!
Rohan: Now witness Heaven's Door! I win. (it backfires on him)
Okuyasu: How the...?!
Crazy Diamond: DORARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARARA!!!!!
Rohan: How is this happening?! I'm certain his eyes were open and he got a full flash of the manuscript! So why hasn't my Stand ability taken the fact?!
Koichi: We're back to normal!
Okuyasu: You're right!
Rohan: I know I showed him the page... So why?
Josuke: Where the hell did you slither off to?! Get out of here, you punk bitch!!!!!
Okuyasu: Hey, I don't think he can see straight right now...
Josuke: Come on out, you manga-obsessed asshole! I've got a story for you!
Josuke: Whoever insults my hair will get the full brunt of my fury! I WON'T STAND FOR THAT BULLSHIT!
Josuke: THERE YOU ARE, MANGA ARTIST!!!!! LAST I CHECKED, I WAS NOT DONE PUNCHING YOU!!!!!!!!!
Okuyasu: His determination is pretty commendable, too...
Okuyasu: (After Shigechi summons Harvest to find his sandwich bag) Damn, you are so annoying! Fine, search the room! I want you to! Search until you pass out! Go for it!
Josuke: For the last time, why would we steal a stupid sandwich?!

Kira: (to Shigechi) You can call me Yoshikage Kira. I'm currently 33 years old. Not that you'd care, but I reside in northeast Morioh's villa district. Alao, I've yet to marry.  In order to make a living, I work for Kame Yu department stores. After a long day's work, I return home no later than 8 pm. I don't like smoking, but do enjoy the occasional drink. I'm always in bed by 11 pm, and I make it a point to get no less than eight hours of sleep each night. Before bed, I drink a warm glass of milk. It's always coupled with twenty minutes of stretching to decompress from a long work day. Sweet dreams are the usual result of this. I then awake as fresh and recharged as a newborn child, ready to take on the day's challenges, and after my last check-up, I was given a clean bill of health.
Shigechi: What's the big idea, creeper? Why are you telling me all this crap?
Kira: For as long as I can remember, I've done everything in my power to live a productive life, that allows me to pursue a lasting inner peace. This may be a foreign concept, but I choose not to concern myself with winning or losing, life's troubles, or enemies who bring sleepless nights. That is how I cope with this backwards life we find ourselves living. It's what brings me happiness in a world fraught with hardship and misery. Of course, if I were ever to engage in combat, I would win the battle without question. ﻿In other words, Shigechi, you are an irksome troublemaker who stands to hinder my sleep. You, boy, are the enemy. [Manifests his Stand]
Shigechi: Th-Th-That's...
Kira: Killer Queen. I named it myself, and truth be told, I'm quite proud of the moniker. But before you have the chance to utter a word of this to another soul, I shall eradicate you. I'll sleep soundly tonight... I can already feel it.

Shigechi: I don't wanna die here. Somebody help me, please.
Kira: Oh, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Your death is a necessity at this point. Now that you know my secret, I can't let you live. It's nothing personal, but I can't allow a single living soul to know the true nature of Yoshikage Kira. Though, I must admit, I find myself fascinated by these Stand users. I could figure this out on my own, but I'd rather use the fleeting resource that lies before me. Josuke, Okuyasu, who are the others besides them? How many users are residing in this town? What are their powers?
Shigechi: Don't know. Just let me go, please.
Kira: Come now, I'm sure you know more than you're letting on. And if you refuse to tell me, your parents will pay for it with their lives.
Shigechi: What? No, you can't. I won't let you hurt my mommy and daddy!
Kira: Well, not if you answer me. Now quick stalling.

Shigechi: I must find Josuke. If he heals me, I can save them...Jo-Josuke!

Kira: It's a secret you have to take to your grave.
Shigechi: (While grabbing the doorknob) No! I'm gonna to save my mommy!
Kira: Sorry, but Killer Queen has already left its mark on the doorknob.
Shigechi: (While his body explodes) JOSUKE!
Kira: (Thought) Behold the genius of my Killer Queen. All evidence of my true self has been destroyed.

Koichi: Y-You've been hitting it so hard, you're starting to bleed, but it still doesn't have a single scratch on it!
Jotaro: For the last time, get back Koichi!

Sheer Heart Attack: OVER HERE!
Sheer Heart Attack: (to Dry cleaner) Hey, didn't you hear me? I said LOOK OVER HERE.

Koichi: (to Sheer Heart Attack) "You're really starting to piss me off... You're nothing but a repulsive murderer! A stain on the fabric of humanity! Why should a drag like you have the satisfaction of watching me flee and beg for mercy?! Shouldn't the roles be reversed?! I already know that I can get out of this mess alive, so for the life of me, I can't figure out why I'm standing here like a wimpy little bitch-baby with the bad case of the shits! I've had this all wrong from the beginning! THE ONE WHO SHOULD BE RUNNING AWAY....IS YOU, DICK! THIS ENDS ONCE AND FOR ALL!"

Echoes: Act Three, awaiting orders.

Waiter: Evening, sir. I hope everything's all right. Can I help at all?
Kira: No thanks. Bring me the bill. And please allow me to pay for the cup. There's something that needs my attention, so hop to it. [takes out his wallet as he notices the weight on his arm] This indentation. Why's my left hand so heavy!?
Waiter: Sir, are you okay!?
Kira: What the hell is this!? My left hand weighs a ton! It feels like there's a massive weight pressing against it! What is happening over there?
Waiter: Do you need some assistance, sir?
Kira: No, everything's just fine, really let go.
Waiter: Please, take my hand.
Kira: This weight!
Waiter: Good heavens, sir. Was it something I said?

Kira: By the way, you wouldn't happen to have any tissues on hand, would you? A handkerchief would also do. What is this? I've gone out of my way to pay you my respects; the least you could do is converse with me.
Koichi: I don't have any...
Kira: No worries... feel free to use mine. [Kira punches Koichi in the face while giving him a tissue.] Quickly now! Your nose is gushing blood! I offered it so you could clean yourself up.

[After Kira gives Koichi a massive beating, hitting his head against the concrete several times.]
Koichi: What do you know? Your name is Yoshikage Kira.
Kira: !!
Koichi: It's Yoshikage Kira. That's...your full...name...Kira
Kira: [Slams Koichi's face into the pavement, once again.] My driver's license. When did you steal my wallet? You pathetic little bootlicker!
Koichi: You said you had to pay extra at the cafe..... You took out your ID and put it in the wrong pocket.....
Kira: ... So what? Regardless, learning my name does you little good? I'm still going to erase you.
Koichi: Sure, you might get away for the time being, but you know what, Kira? I bet your every thought is mocking you for letting a whiny brat unravel the mystery of your name. And if they aren't, I'll do the honors for them: A mulling little high schooler just found you out! YOU'RE SUCH A COLOSSAL DUMBASS! I'LL BE WAITING FOR YOU ON THE OTHER SIDE, YOU MURDER-HAPPY SON OF A BITCH!
Kira: That's enough! [Killer Queen knocks Koichi out with a punch to the stomach] That shut him up. Why does it feel like I lost to this little shit?

Jotaro: Nice watch. Go ahead and take one last look at it, cause I'm about to bust it up. To be clear, by it, I mean your face.
Kira: You are an interesting individual.

Jotaro: (Manages to hit Kira) Good freaking grief, I take it back. Up close, that watch is tacky as hell. Although to be fair, that's the least of your worries now. There's something that's gonna look a lot worse than that piece of junk... and that, my friend, is your putrid face. ORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORA! ORA!!!
[After Okuyasu and Josuke find Mikitaka passed out in the middle of a crop circle, and Mikitaka finally wakes up.]
Mikitaka: So, this is Earth?
Okuyasu & Josuke: .................
Mikitaka: Last night I was taking a walk when suddenly I fell ill...
[Mikitaka checks his watch.]
Mikitaka: It seems I lost consciousness. That would have been... about 13 Earth hours ago.
Okuyasu & Josuke: ..............................
Okuyasu & Josuke: AHH HA HA HA HA HA HA!!
[The two teenagers begin rolling on the ground in laughter.]
Okuyasu: Hahahahaha! This bastard... He's just pulling our legs... hahaha! And in a crop circle too...
Josuke: Damn, I wish I'd thought of this prank! Hahaha!

[After Mikitaka proclaims to Josuke and Okuyasu that he is, in fact, an alien.]
Okuyasu: Ahahahaha...
Josuke: Dude, it's cool. You can drop the act now. Keep going and you'll ruin it. Here, have some tissues.
[Josuke holds out a pack of tissues to Mikitaka. Mikitaka looks at them for a moment, before picking them up and eating them.]
Mikitaka: Thank you. It was quite delicious.
Josuke and Okuyasu: ..................

[Josuke and Okuyasu discover that the ice cream shop they normally go to is closed.]
Mikitaka: Would you like some ice cream?
Okuyasu: It's that guy...
Mikitaka: Well? Would you like some?
Okuyasu: Well, yeah. But they're closed. It can't be helped.
Mikitaka: Oh no! Helped is something it most certainly can be! I happen to have some with me...
[Okuyasu and Josuke stare as Mikitaka retrieves two cold ice cream cones from his bag.]
Mikitaka: This is to thank you for the tissues. A token of gratitude, if you will.
Mikitaka: Earth seems like a very nice place. I like it.

Mikitaka: My name is Nu Mikitakazo N'shi. I have lived 216 of your Earth years. I am employed as an intergalactic pilot. My hobbies include caring for animals.
Tamami: [To Rohan] I've figured it out! The sirens were coming here! Your house is on fire!

Josuke: Uh, sorry about yesterday. The fire was, um, pretty bad, right?
Rohan: Yeah. I had a complete replica of the Drexel Heritage furniture used in the movie Pretty Woman, valued at 2.5 million, which was damaged beyond repair. Not that I care or anything.

Rohan: Sorry, but I refuse!
Highway Star: What!?
Rohan: You should know that one of Rohan Kishibe's pastimes is saying "NO!" to fools who think they're tough shit! So, I'm afraid your meal has been cancelled!

Koichi: [summoning Echoes Act 3] Do it, Act 3.
Echoes Act 3: [Manifested by Koichi to teach a rude nurse a lesson] Okay, master! Let's kill da ho! Beeeeitoch!
Josuke: Yup. Since you’ve gotten a clean bill of health from Crazy Diamond, when I pound your ass into the ground, I can avoid looking like a coward, right?!
Mikitaka: I'll remain with this pylon. This all started because I found it, and this happened because I turned into a wire and climbed all the way up here.

Mikitaka: I can be useful, too. I wanted you guys to be proud of me, and that's why I did it. Even though Okuyasu told me to stay out of it. I got what I deserved.
Mikitaka: Please don't worry about me. If I think of it as if it were the inside of a spaceship, it seems quite spacious.

Mikitaka: Josuke, I thought you were defeated, but I guess you had already won.

[Referring to Toyohiro.]
Narrator: New Morioh landmark: the guy who lives on a pylon. He lives completely self-sufficiently, but if you bring him salt or snacks, he'll be happy and let you take pictures with him. He's a bit shy, so he wears a mask and won't tell you his real name.
Josuke: (impatiently) Yuya, for the last time, where is the scent coming from!?
Miyamoto: I imagined, regardless of Josuke's tough exterior, plopping his mother before his eyes would certainly stir up pangs of dread.
Terunosuke: I'm having such fun with the attention you're giving me. The fact that you're giving me attention out of fear, that is.
Kira: Now, I believe I asked you to tell me your name.
Woman: What did you do to my boyfriend? He was right here before—
Kira: DON'T EVER ANSWER A QUESTION WITH A QUESTION! YOU DID LEARN PROPER ETIQUETTE WHILE YOU WERE IN SCHOOL, NOW DIDN'T YOU?! I'M ASKING YOU TO TELL ME WHAT YOUR NAME IS!
Woman: Minako! My name is Minako!
Kira: [instantly calming down] Minako. Hmm. What a beautiful name your parents bestowed upon you. I approve. [Kills her with Killer Queen]
Kira: [to Shigechi] You can call me Yoshikage Kira. Not that you'd care, but I reside in northeast Morioh's villa district. Also, I've yet to marry. In order to make a living, I work for Kame Yu department stores. After a long day's work, I return home no later than 8 PM. I don't like smoking, but do enjoy the occasional drink. I'm always in bed by 11 PM, and I make it a point to get no less than eight hours of sleep each night. Before bed, I drink a warm glass of milk, it's always coupled with twenty minutes of stretching to decompress from the long work day. Sweet dreams are the usual result of this. I then awake as refreshed and recharged as a newborn child, ready to take on the day's challenges, and after my last checkup I was given a clean bill of health. For as long as I can remember I've done everything in my power to live a productive life that allows me to pursue a lasting inner peace. This may be a foreign concept, but I choose not to concern my self with winning or losing, life's troubles, or enemies who bring sleepless nights. That is how I cope with this backwards life we find ourselves living. It's what brings me happiness in a world fraught with hardship and misery. Of course, if I were ever to engage in combat, I would win the battle without question.

Kira: (via Killer Queen on Rohan's eye before activating Bites the Dust) Killer Queen has already entered your pupil, Rohan Kishibe! No, you're not seeing things. Killer Queen's Third Bomb has already been activated! Your time has come!


Giorno: Luca... Don't make me say the same thing twice. I've told you that I already paid, so I don't have any. So please don't make me say it a third time.
Bucciarati: (Licking Giorno after he lied about having nothing to do with Luca) What a surprise! That's the distinct tang of a liar! Right, Giorno Giovanna?!
Bucciarati: Speak! You know who's responsible. Were you told not to tell anyone? Let's have you tell me who did Luca in.
Giorno (to Bucciarati): You wouldn't believe me if I told you it was an accident, would you? So I'm going to be disposed of, right? And you came here fully prepared, right? When you're going to dispose of someone, you always prepared for the possibility that you could end up being the one disposed of, right?
Black Sabbath: You're the one who ignited the flame! I offer two paths, but you must pick the one that leads to salvation! Time to choose: Do you live on and become one of the chosen, or do you recede along the path of death?
Giorno (As the lighter goes out) "Are you shitting me?"

Koichi: "What was that Stand?"
Giorno "Didn't you see? The murdering kind."

Giorno (to Black Sabbath): "You told me there were two paths, but sadly, you only have one."

Polpo: If having faith in one's fellow man is paramount, then must be also be true that there's no greater offense to a fellow man then the act of disrespect. Listen carefully. Abusing that trust is unacceptable. Not only does the act dishonor the benefactor of that fragile trust, then it also jeopardizes his very life and livelihood. Money and profit mustn't cloud your judgement. It doesn't matter if you lost a seat at the theatre or even a bus stop. We don't engage in actions that risk one's own life. Conflict's a sport for barbarians. It's a pastime for fools. But, if I or any of my men are disrespected, all bets are off. In the eyes of God, murder is acceptable when one has been disrespected.
Polpo: Did he really kept the flame alight for 24 hours? Or did he relight the lighter and become a Stand User? I don't care either way. Young ones like him can be easily manipulated, we can do whatever we want of him now! (picks up a banana that was a gun that Giorno transformed, resulting in his death.)
Giorno (thought): "In the eyes of God, murder is acceptable when one has been disrespected." I see. What you told me is very important. You disrespected that innocent old man's life. So I changed one of your guns into a banana. You should savor your last meal while you can.
Panacotta Fugo: (stabs Narancia and smashes his face into the table for getting an answer wrong) MEASLY LITTLE PUNK-SHIT! YOU THINK YOU CAN MESS WITH ME?! HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO KEEP TEACHING YOU THIS LESSON?! YOU DENSE CAGACAZZO!!!
Mista: Uh-huh, now he's definitely gone off the deep end. Hey, Abbacchio, you gonna eat the rest of that cake or what?
Giorno: (enters the truck as the driver complained after being bullied by Guido): Sorry to intrude, but we have to move it. I'm after someone, and need you to take me to the top of the island right now!
Driver: (grits his teeth in hesitation)
Giorno: (slams the dashboard and angrily demands) WELL DON'T JUST SIT THERE! WE HAVE TO GO! YOU ARE PLANNING TO HELP ME, RIGHT!?
Driver: (scared) Right. Let's go...
Illuso: (Abbacchio grabbing his Stand by the throat) How the hell are you...!? Y-You could only do this with a power of a stand! (chokes) I dragged you in here alone, there's no way you could be choking Man in the Mirror!
Abbacchio: Guess breaking that mirror wasn't such a mistake after all. Your view of the outside world just got a whole lot narrower. You did drag something in here, problem is you can't see! You gave me access... but just for my physical self!?
Illuso: Wait... Is that...!?
Abbacchio: (Revealed to be Moody Blues) Thanks for making my job easier!
Mista: AAAAAAAAAAGH! (pulls Fugo away from a shocked Trish after the former got knocked into the latter's bust) Please, miss, you gotta forgive Fugo! He didn't mean to come off as an over-eager horn-dog! I know it seems like we hit the brakes so my man here can peek at those jaunty jiggle-sacks, but I give you my word that's not it! Blame his weakness in the face of boobs!
Fugo: Just shut up, would ya!? I was bracing for impact, and you're making it sound like I was trying to cop a feel!
Mista: JUST PROMISE ME WHATEVER YOU DO YOU WON'T TELL THE BOSS!!!

Mista: Guess being stuck inside a turtle has its drawbacks. It's kinda muggy. Hey Narancia, you want a drink, too? Hope you're good with it being cold. There's cola and mineral water, sparkling water, and apple, orange, and pineapple juice. [noticing that Narancia's gone deaf] Hey, are you listening to me at all?!
Narancia: Huh? You say something, Mista?
Mista: I asked if you wanted something to drink! Though you might wanna try getting some shut-eye! You've seen better days there, man. I'll keep an eye on the ceiling while you rest.
Narancia: Sounds like a plan! I'm actually starting to feel a little achy, anyway. My back and shoulders are killing me, so I think I'll cop a squat. Something warm would sure hit the spot right now, but nothing too heavy.
Mista: For the last time, all we've got in the fridge are cold ones! Come on! Does your brain shut down when you talk to people!?
Narancia: In that case, banana, it is. Yeah. [reads the magazine] Gardens like these really soothe the soul. Your stress just melts away. So heavenly. Man, oh, man, what I'd give to bask in that Garden of Eden's warm sunshine, just daydreaming about the good old days.
Mista [disgusted]: Gross! Would you cut that shit out!? Nobody wants your nasty-ass spit on the damn pages!
Narancia: Huh? You're saying I did what now!? There's no way! You're crazy!
[Narancia coughs up blood and loses one tooth because of the aging]
Mista: You're, uh, drooling pretty bad there, man. That is so freaking nasty! The heck is that!? Hey!
Narancia: I was craving this banana, but it's no good. I mean, just look at it. It's like a piece old stale beef jerky.
Mista: That's funny. You're really having cold in there, Narancia? Don't scare me like that. It almost looks like that thing coming out of your mouth is a real tooth. I appreciate the commitment, but I think you're taking a bit too far. Just what is that dangling thing made of?
Narancia: Huh? You say something again, Mista? Speak louder. Stop whispering, would ya? I can't hear what you're saying.
Bucciarati: (aged by Prosciutto's Stand) I knew exactly what would happen to my body.
Prosciutto: Huh?
Bucciarati: I was also well aware that I could be captured. But a mission must be completed, and I'll protect my crew. Capos worth their salt must be prepared for both. That is the burden we all carry. Can you say the same? 'Cause I'm raring to go.

Bucciarati: (About Pesci) I misjudged terribly. The thug with the aging powers was formidable, but I see now he was never our greatest threat. The real terror on the train... was hidden behind that innocuous tool!

Bucciarati: I supposed all have to teach him a lesson. The only way to overcome his Stand, is to make this coglione understand something: I have resolve in spades! DO IT, STICKY FINGERS!

Bucciarati: Earlier, I saw nobility and resolve that was hardened like a diamond, shining in your eyes. But you’ve fallen. Now you’re just a piece of shit.
Pesci: Fallen? Fallen, you say?! (Proceeds to slam Coco Jumbo against a rock on the ground) The only ones who are going to fall and get crushed are these bastards! You won't make it in time! I hope you enjoy hell, Bucciarati!
Bucciarati: I can tell you've lived life as the eternal screw-up. Don't change on my account.
(Sticky Fingers launches Pesci towards him and retracts his arm before unleashing a beat-down that rips Pesci's body to pieces)
Sticky Fingers: ARRIARRIARRIARRIARRIARRIARRIARRIARRIARRIARRI! ARRI!
(Pesci is split into many pieces with his body parts falling into the lake)
Bucciarati: "Arrivederci."
Melone: (While checking a woman's background to create his Stand's offspring through)  Molto-bene. Excellent vintage.
Melone: (After his Stand impregnates the woman) You are going to be a star. A blood-thirsty star. [Baby Face Jr. begins to develop] Di molto.

Melone: Remember, mother knows best.

Trish: (After asking Bucciarati where the bathroom is.) I knew you were reasonable.
Bucciarati: This closet will be our bathroom. Have at it.
Trish: "Have at it"?!
Bucciarati: I assumed you needed to use it.
Trish: !?
Bucciarati: I don't know where this portal leads, but I'm sure the turtle will be fine. It might actually be good for him.
Trish: Huh? What do you mean? Please tell me that you're not suggesting that I-!
Baby Face Jr.: (Giorno) Eat your heart out...and eat shit, dickhead!

Baby Face Jr.: Try using your eyes. Your fist didn't come anywhere near my face! (grabs Gold Experience's fist) I win, punk! Now you die!
(proceeds to retaliate)
Giorno: All this struggling, it's useless.
(Baby Face suddenly stops attacking, then something wrong happens to Junior)
Baby Face Jr.: What the?! My hand!
Giorno: What's the problem? Don't tell me you really thought Gold Experience was playing fetch with his own hand.
Baby Face Jr.: !?
Giorno: It was the bike. I turned the bike into a hand and had it delivered right here to you. (parts of motorcycle bursts in Baby Face's body) Seems you noticed, but you just assimilated that machine into your body. That's excellent work.
Baby Face Jr.: Those third rate tricks. They won't work on me! I'll just split apart and go-
Giorno: You're forgetting. Bikes need tanks of gasoline to run. It would be a simple task to light you up before the thought of running away even crossed your mind.
Baby Face Jr.: (Looking back as spark plug starts to ignite) Huh!? Wh-Wh-WHAT!? (gets caught in the explosion) AAAAAAAAARRRRGH!!! (His remains start to disintegrate) On fire... Hurts... So much...
Giorno: Guess doing things as you pleased didn't really work out for you. Here's my way. [Has Golden Experience turn Baby Face Jr.'s remains into a snake to kill Melone with.]

Ghiaccio: There's only one way to catch these guys. "Leave no stone unturned and think outside the box", they said. I get "leaving no stone unturned". Any idiot would. I mean, who hasn't turned over rocks to find stuff? *begins wrecking his car* BUT WHAT THE HELL IS "THINKING OUTSIDE THE BOX" EVEN SUPPOSED TO MEAN?! MAYBE I THINK BETTER IN THERE! DAMN IT! SO MY BRAIN'S IN A BOX NOW?! THAT'S THE DUMBEST THING I'VE EVER HEARD! THINK I'M AN IDIOT, CAZZO?!

Ghiaccio: Everyone knows the capital of France. But English speakers pronounce it "Paris", while most say "Paree", the way it's supposed to be. But somehow, "Venice" has replaced the real "Venezia" as the global standard. Like those stories, The “Merchant of Venice” and “Death in Venice”... WHY?! CALL THE DAMN BOOK “DEATH IN VENEZIA!” IT'S NOT THAT HARD! ARE WE NOT GOOD ENOUGH?! LEARN A LITTLE ITALIAN, PUTTANA, AND CALL THE THING WHAT IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE! WHAT KIND OF POMPOUS BULLSHIT ARE THEY ON ABOUT?!
Giorno: (to Mista) This is what it means to have determination... to forge through the darkness into light!

Ghiaccio: Wait, there's no wound? Wha---?!
Giorno: Mista... Your determination...it shines even brighter than the morning sun. It showed us the way forward. And it's put us on a path toward tomorrow! We've won because of you!
Ghiaccio: WHAT THE HELL?!?!?!?!?!?!
Gold Experience: MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA!

Mista: That's great. Could you please heal me? I'm dying. Help me up

Giorno: Oh, and there's one more thing: Since I'm not actually healing your body, you're still going to have a bit of residual pain.
Mista: GAH! WHAT THE HELL! Do you have to be so rough, Giorno? Take it easy on me, I'm injured!
Giorno: I already told you, there's nothing I can do. Settle down and take it like a Mafioso. Besides, there's about 18 more to go, and you'll have to strip it if you want this to work.
[At that time, Bucciarati's group arrive via boat with Narancia on look out.]
Mista: AAH! GIORNO!!
Narancia: Ah, there they are! Mista! Huh?
Mista: (in a very awkward positioning with Giorno) Would you stop doing so hard?! Ah, leave my damn clothes on, it's too intense! Gah! Woah! OOH!
Narancia: (GASP!)
Bucciarati: Narancia? Did you find them?
Narancia: Huh!? Why, u-uh... No? But...Argh! There's something in my eyes! (covering his eyes) It's so hard to see in this early morning light! I'll keep after it, though!
Mista: Ah, Giorno! No! Stop! Agh! I can't take it anymore! NOT SO ROUGH, DAMMIIIIIITTT!!!!
Past Bucciarati (furious after realizing his boss is profiting off the drug trade that got his father killed): This filth's being peddled in my city!? It was supposed to be prohibited!

Bucciarati (Realizing he's holding Trish's severed hand after the elevator door opened) WHAT THE HELL?! Her hand, but how? When did-

Bucciarati (furious after realizing his boss's intent to kill Trish): Now the boss is... our damn boss! His wretchedness makes me want to puke! Abusing the weak and innocent is just a means to an end, profiting from the pain and suffering of countless citizens! Coward! You'd do it to your daughter!! You're a fiendish monster!! You're a disgrace, and you've let me down again, but you've done it for the last time!!! [summons Sticky Fingers and punches the floor of the elevator]

Bucciarati: There. Trish is still alive. [drops Giorno's Button] Good, it stuck. Cazzo. I didn't see his face. At first, I was content with uncovering your identity, but everything's changed. After what you've done, die! Think fast! The boss still assumes that I'm absolutely loyal to him. He'll die by... assassination! [Slides down the elevator shaft] I'll ambush him as he tries to escape and kill the bastard.
[Bucciarati finds a bathroom sink cabinet]
Bucciarati: Wait. This is... [finds the hole] This opening... of course! The demented bastard would hide in a crypt of a church. He thinks he can murder Trish in complete anonymity. His plan must be to pass through the crypt to escape the building on the other side.

Bucciarati: But I'm lying in wait. There! [Sees the boss] In position. Now!
Diavolo: Leave while you can, Bruno Bucciarati. Step out from that pillar and you'll lose your life in the process.

Diavolo: Your rationale intrigues me. Just what were you thinking? I had a great deal of respect for your excellence and devotion to the mission until now. Was your judgment clouded by your promotion to Capo? Or, did your hubris seduce you into thinking you had the power and ability to overtake me?
Bucciarati: Once Trish regains consciousness, I'll be sure to let her know you never existed!
Diavolo: Trish, you say? Why bring her into this dispute? My daughter is of no concern to you and your ilk.
Bucciarati: Demon! You could never understand what's in my heart!

Diavolo: (via King Crimson to Bucciarati) Think of this as a gift. A farewell gift from the heart. In a moment, you will cease to exist, so I will allow you to know now. What you witnessed and felt, was your future self laid bared! Simply put, your past self saw a future version. Now behold, know the almighty power of King Crimson! I obliterated time then leapt beyond it! It doesn't matter who it is, I shall never allow any cretin to threaten my eternal transcendence. Not. Ever. The time has come for you to fade away! Bucciarati, your mission as protector has been terminated. Now may the fires of hell embrace you! (Punches through Bucciarati's torso)

Diavolo: (via King Crimson): Seems there's another traitor...

Diavolo: (via King Crimson, about Bucciarati's group): Venezia will be your grave.

Fugo Pannacotta: I understand. That said. It hurts to say this, but no one's coming with you.
Leone Abbacchio: You should listen to him. What you did is basically suicide. No matter where in the world you might run to, you'll never find a safe haven again. Remember, I pledged my loyalty to the familia in large. It's not like I pledged my loyalty to you. That being said... I never had a home or place I wanted to go. The only time I felt at ease...is with you, Bucciarati.

Mista: (To Giorno) Listen, Bucciarati is smart as they come. No way in hell he couldn't take on an opponent he couldn't beat. We're gonna be rolling in sweet lire, amico mio.
Fugo Pannacotta: Mista! Not you too!

Giorno Giovanna: (To Bucciarati) You should look behind you.
Narancia: (Swims after Bucciaratti's group) BUCCIARATI!!! I'm going with you! I'm right here! Don't leave me! Please don't tell me to stay behind! Trish and I are the same! Her wounds are my wounds! Her pain is my pain!
Fugo Pannacotta: Naranicia, you fool. You're going to your death. I just can't be part of this betrayal! I won't be a matyr! I refuse!
Guido Mista: You sure took your sweet ass time getting here, buddy.
Leone Abbacchio: You'd better not bitch and moan the whole time, you got it?
Giorno: Narancia, you'll forever have my respect for doing this.
Guido Mista: (looking at Fugo from distance) So, Fugo stayed behind after all.
Leone Abbacchio: Well, that was his decision to make.
Narancia: Bucciarati, I want... to protect Trish with everything I got! I swear to defeat the Boss with you!
Bruno Bucciarati: Sounds good.

Doppio: (on phone) Squalo, looks like we got some traitors in Venezia. Their names are Bruno Bucciarati and Giorno Giovanna. Capture them, dead or alive. These are the Boss's direct orders.
Random rich guy: (after Narancia spilled wine on his suit) What are you gonna do about this, you little shit!? You think you can pay for this!? This suit cost four million lire! Let's take this outside!!
Narancia: (smacks the guy with a wine glass) Then you must be the enemy!
Mista: What!? (He and Narancia proceed to stomp on the guy after he hits the ground, joined by Abbacchio after taking a slip of his wine while watching them.)
Abbacchio: (Stops kicking) Hold on, Narancia, Mista. I don't think this one's an enemy. He's unconscious. He's most definitely not an enemy.
Narancia: Wha!? Seriously!? Crap, what do I do now!?
Mista: Yep, the stain's going to be hard to clean. One single drop of red wine on a white suit really stands out.
Narancia: I can't pay for this shit!
Mista: Well, the location of the stain might make it look like a button. If he puts a button here, he can hide it.
Abbacchio: (feeds the guy their meals) While we're at it, let's get him to make sure there isn't any poison in our food...
Polenereff: You need only to learn the way to destroy him.

Trish: Diavolo?
Polenereff: Please, believe me.
Bucciarati: Diavolo, you say.
Diavolo: “The only way to deal with fear is to crush it into dust.”
Polenereff: Soon, all will be revealed.

Cioccolata: (to Secco after telling him to make sure the camcorder is still running) Good boy
Cioccolata: (to Secco while cuddling him like a dog) Good boy! Good boy! Good boy! Good boy! Good boy! Good boy! Good boy! Good boy! Good boy! Good boy! Good boy! Now go, Secco! Find Bucciarati and his idiots. Be sure to give them a taste of Oasis.
Bucciarati: A flesh-eating mold and subterranean predator, both of them working together in tantrum to take ours down.
Secco: [After being punched by Sticky Fingers, caught off guard that Bucciarati is not covered in mold] My...M y Face! My face!
Bucciarati: (to Giorno as realizing he's an animated corpse whose life will soon end.) Death has me now.
Bucciarati: (To Secco as he is trying to say "son of a bitch") The word you're looking for "bitch".
Secco: *growl* I knew that! Are you a language expert!? You damn bastardo!
Cioccolata: You see, Giorno Giovanna, I believe there are two cases in which happiness exists. The first is when despair turns into hope, then you become happy. When your weeds caught the helicoptor, I was just so panicked, I truly felt despair. But I cut through the plan. I used my experience and mental strength to make a comeback and right now I feel happiness because of it... What a rush. [...] And just when I was about your the second bout of happiness is..When when you behold the weak and pathetic!
Cioccolata: Show me your face! Show me your despair! Let me see the look on your face at the moment your hope burns out and your life reaches its end! Show me your despair as you fall
Cioccolata: NOW DIE! [A beetle bursts out of his skull.]
Giorno: You were close. I drew out my speech in order to buy myself time. The bullet that tore a hole to your head still had to mature, before eventually making its way back to the initial wound. The shrapnel that drew it was lodged in your skull and returned to its original form as a beetle, one whose growth I happened to accelerate greatly with Gold Experience when I aimed for the propellers. I wanted to be certain you were completely neutralized, meaning I had to finish you off, whether or not I can still hear a heartbeat.
Cioccolata: (his head is still bleeding after a stag beetle tore through it) But.. but you said... that if I just stayed still... that I-I would...still m-make it out of this alive...
Giorno: Oh, give me a break. If you really thought I was being serious, then you're the worthless fool. I don't spare pieces of shit.
Cioccolata: (angered at what Giorno just called him) WHAT DID YOU JUST CALL ME?!
Gold Experience: MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA! MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA! MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA! MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA! WRYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH! MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA!
Cioccolata: (pain noises) YAAAAAAADAAAAAAAAAABAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!
Gold Experience: MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA! MUDA!
Secco: (After realizing Cioccolata has died and listening to his final message) Screw you, Cioccolata! You thought I would weep for you? Give me a break! You lost to clowns!

Diavolo: (confronting Polnareff) Fascinating how the past can wriggle its way back, not matter how many pieces I may cut it up into. You amaze me, I'd never thought I would deal with the same vermin more than once.
Polnareff: Walk up those steps and see what happens, asshole! I have the high ground while you're stuck way down there
Diavolo: No one can escape the fate that was chosen for them. All that remains is the end, where you all will perish. Eternal greatness exists only within myself. Sing a song of sorrow in a world where time has vanished.
Bucciarati: (in Diavolo's body) Narancia, how does our perimeter look? Are you able to detect anyone coming? Narancia?
Mista: (in Trish's body) Please. I'm begging you. Just one more bullet. Please just drop one more! You're driving me nuts!
Trish: (in Mista's body) What the hell? Why couldn't I feel his soul like I usually do? It doesn't make any sense!
Giorno: (in Narancia's body) Out of the way! Move! Let me through! Now!
Polnareff: Damn it, no! That's impossible! How on Earth could he have---?!
Bucciarati: (in Diavolo's body) Mista, scan the area right now! Make sure there's no one around!
Mista: (in Trish's body) Narancia! Bucciarati, hurry up and get him down from there! Don't just leave him like that! Do something, goddammit!
Giorno: (in Narancia's body) You need to settle down! Let me handle this!
Bucciarati: (in Diavolo's body) Please, stay focused and keep your gun at the ready! He'll attack again! We have to find him before he does, quick! (summoning Sticky Fingers) Go, Sticky Fingers!
Mista: (in Trish's body) Heal him! Hold those damn bars out of there and get to work now!
Trish: (in Mista's body; monologue) (The people outside the colosseum are waking up, so where is he? I can't sense him at all. It's like he's gone. What else could have happened? There's no way in hell he just up and vanished like that!)
Bucciarati: (in Diavolo's body) King Crimson's range is two or three meters at most. How then did he attack us from way over there?
Mista: (in Trish's body) Well, all right! You did it! Narancia's awake! Welcome back, you little bastard! How are you feeling? Geez, you really scared us.
Giorno: (along with his spirit) I'm sorry, Mista. There's no one left in here. It's empty. The physical wounds he suffered have healed, but still, Gold Experience couldn't get to him in time. He was... He was already gone. Narancia's... not here...
Giorno: (in Narancia's body) His form... he's just an empty vessel now. I can't find him. His soul has left. There's nothing here, try as I might, I can't bring him back. I wasn't fast enough. My soul could just slip right back in if it wanted, it could inhabit both bodies without a problem, not even one. He's that empty.
Mista: (in Trish's body) NARANCIA!!!!!!!!!!
Giorno: It was all so sudden... None of us could have guessed...
(Mista lets out a second cry)
Giorno: Stay put, okay? We’ll be right back. You’ll be safe here. I won’t let anyone hurt you again. I promise. And don’t you worry. When it’s over, we’ll bring you home.
Bucciarati’s spirit: (before departing to the afterlife) When I met you back home in Naples, when I betrayed the organization... My soul had been fated to slowly die, but it was reborn, thanks to you. This is what true happiness is. This is how it should be. Don't worry about it. Please give everyone my regards.
Diavolo: Damn it...It seems retreat is impossible. I must face him now! ... Let's end this...NOW!
Diavolo: To be slain by a king, a final gift!
Diavolo: THAT’S ENOUGH! YOU DIE NOW, GIORNO GIOVANNA!!!!!!
Diavolo: What hellish nightmare is this?
Giorno: (to Diavolo) The only lasting thing is truth itself. Righteous actions born of truth shall never be destroyed. My friends may have perished, but their actions and wills have not been destroyed. It was their will that handed this arrow to me. So, are your actions born of truth, or are the transient products of evil? Boss?
Diavolo: A little boy like you should learn to temper his bravado, lest he's punished! I'll even strip you of any chance to regret your actions, you brat! Go, King Crimson! () Time will now be obliterated for all but me! Excellent! I can see his stand's movements! His machinations have been laid utterly bare! Talentless roaches! At least try to surprise me! Amazing how little it takes to totally neutralize your greatest power! Poor fools! I almost feel sorry for you! Never again will you witness the immaculate brilliance of King Crimson! The truth of my strength will forever be lost to you! [] At last, I've won! In the end, I'm still faster! You knew powers couldn't stop me from ripping out your heart! The future can only hold one of us and it has chosen me! NOW DISAPPEAR!!!!!!
(As King Crimson tries to finish off Giorno, everything rewinds to prevent Diavolo's predicted victory)
Diavolo: No. But how? [] Damn it, what now? [Time is restored] How is he reversing the time I obliterated? That shouldn't be possible! No, stop! It's all reverting back to normal! But still, the premonition clearly shows me emerging the victor! SO PERISH, GIORNO GIOVANNA!!!!!!! What the---? (repeating loop of "What the---?") What is this? What the hell is happening to me? Perhaps this is an illusion. That cur somehow pulled one over my head... or did he? The only thing that can move within periods of warped time... should be me!
Gold Experience Requiem: (after rewinding everything to prevent Diavolo’s victory in frozen time) The answer, is plain...truth. Your eyes are not deceiving you. What you see is very real. Playing out before you are the results of your actions. However, though you might be able to witness the truth. You can never hope to reach it. Your powers are immaterial. It doesn't matter who you are. No one can ever overcome this barrier. Behold, Gold Experience Requiem's true strength! Its nature remains as secret even to my user, Giorno Giovanna.
[]
Diavolo: ...lest he's punished! I'll even strip you of any chance to regret your actions, you brat! (Wait, that--- Right before--- But I--- How dare you?! Only I may bend time! [] Oh, no, but premonitions always become reality! The future has already been written: King Crimson is bound for victory!)
Gold Experience Requiem: MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA
MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA! (10 seconds of MUDA)
Diavolo: GUAAAHH!
Gold Experience Requiem: You're going to stay right where you are. It's the price you must pay... the truth. You'll never come to experience its mercy!
Diavolo/King Crimson: I'LL KILL YOU!!!!!!!
Gold Experience Requiem: MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA! MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA!
Gold Experience Requiem: MUDA!
Diavolo: UUUAAAHHHH!
Mista: Guys, I’m totally serious! Just hear me out!
Narancia: (impatient) Aww, geez! For the last time Mista, no one gives a shit!
Mista: No, listen! This is a good one. I promise you. Gentlemen, let me ask you all, do you think human flesh would taste like crap or would it actually rock?
Fugo: Could you maybe not ruin our appetites?
Narancia: (furious) What the hell goes on in that messed up head of yours! That’s it!! Go sit at a dipshit table!

Mista: Damn, our boy actually did it! You and that arrow kicked major ass! It still beats the hell out of me what Gold Experience whatchamacallit's actual powers are, but the point is, that bastard's dead now!
Trish: Hold it. Don't rejoice yet. I don't see his body anywhere.
Mista: Huh?
Trish: No! Damn! How the hell did he manage to get away?!
Mista: Oh, shit!
Trish: Don't just stand there, Giorno! Help us look! Which way did he go?! We have to find him, quick! I can pick up traces of his aura! He's still lurking around! We can't rest until we find him!
Giorno: Trish, take a breath now. It's okay.
Trish: What?
Giorno: There's nothing to look for anymore. He won't ever be back. Even though I couldn't witness Requiem at work myself. Something deep in my soul tells me our job is done. Nothing will ever come within his putrid reach again, not even the truth of his ultimate fate will grace him. His own death will remain a mystery to him for all eternity. It's over.
Trish: But we didn't finish him!
Giorno: His end is without end. That is Gold Experience Requiem's judgment!

Diavolo: Bungling amateurs...In the end, you failed...to kill me. Unsurprising. But still...something troubles me: My premonition clearly showed that I would be one to prevail...so why? What twisted powers did Requiem give him? When I get my hands on you, you'll pay! But first things first, I must break free from this damn current! [crawls out into a sewer] Heheheheheh. Excellent...my luck is turning...
Drugged killer: Nice try, cazzone! D-Don't you... s-snatch my coat! I'll cut you I swear! Just try me, I'll serve you like a deli slice! Hehehehehe! What's wrong? You curious? I think you think I won't do it? Well think again, bitch! Hehe, hahahahahahah! I'll show you, dumbass! Hehehehe! I'll poke ya full of holes, ya weird strawberry with legs!
Diavolo: (sees his hand covered in blood and gets knocked back, lying on the ground in pain) W-what...did you!?
Drugged killer: Come on!!
Diavolo: This can't... (coughs up blood) What is this...?
Drugged killer: It's my coat, ya bitch!
Diavolo: I-I can't...I can't move! (coughs up more blood) Why the hell can't I move...? (coughs up more blood) Please help, somebody!
Drugged killer: It's my coat... You ain't never gonna get it...
Diavolo: (after being fatally stabbed by a drug addict as the start of his endless loop of dying) This can't be how I die...I-I-I-I am Diavolo! A common hoodlum couldn't possibly be my undoing! That doesn’t make any sense! (Notices the drug addict about to kill him) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
Diavolo: (found himself inside the hospital after his first death) Where am I? Hold on... how did I get on this table? Just a moment ago, I barely managed to escape the river...
Doctor Monica Ultello: Let's see... procedural date is the 25th. Time 11:20 a.m. File Number 68. Acting Physician, Dr. Monica Ultello here. The deceased looks to be an adult male, 30-40 years old. Identity is unknown. Condition of his skin suggests time of death was 48 to 50 hours ago. Commencing autopsy to find out cause of death.
Diavolo: Enough of this! I won't play your sick game!
Monica: The body was discovered in close proximity to the river... (Diavolo: Are you deaf, woman? I demand you explain yourself now! HEY, LADY!)
(Dr. Monica Ultello grabs a scalpel)
Diavolo: Ugh! Not again... W-Why can't I move?... The hell did you do to me?! What foul curse...  I'm talking to you, don't ignore me! Who do you think you are? Put that thing away!
(Dr. Monica Ultello dissects his chest)
Diavolo: GAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!! Dammit... why am I just letting this happen? The pain... IT'S UNBEARABLE! Someone help!
Monica: Cause of death is a laceration to the liver, likely caused by a knife. The lack of hesitation wounds means this was not suicide. I'll open up his abdomen and check, just to be sure.
(Dr. Monica Ultello pulls out Diavolo's liver)
Monica: His liver is in good health, the color's excellent.
(Dr. Monica Ultello grabs a bone cutter and starts dissecting Diavolo's abs)
Diavolo: (screaming) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
Diavolo: (found himself outside the street) Thank God. Was it all just a horrible nightmare? No, this isn't where I was...
Diavolo: Hold on, now. What time is it? Where am I? Last I recall, I'd been thrown into the Tiber... Then there was that terrible pain... I can still feel the cold steel... It was far too real to be a damnable dream! But... how am I still alive?
Old man: Excuse me. You okay there, sir? You really shouldn't sit there. If you need medical attention, I can call an ambulance.
Old man: Back off, girl!
(Diavolo tries to get away from the dog, but trips at the edge of the sidewalk as an oncoming car arrives)
Diavolo: What is this madness? None of this makes sense! How could I meet such an undignified end? Don't tell me... this is...
(Diavolo lands on the tarmac as the car gets closer)
Diavolo: No! WHAT HAVE YOU WROUGHT ON ME, GOLD EXPERIENCE REQUIEM?!
(The car runs Diavolo over)
Little girl: You're sitting funny, mister. Does your tummy hurt?
Diavolo: (found by a curious girl after his most recent death) How...how many deaths must I die!? What'll happen to me next?! How much longer do I have to wait for the end?! (Notices the girl approaching him) Stay back! Leave me be! D-Don't come closer... STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!! LEAVE ME ALONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Scolippi: Michelangelo, who shines upon the apex of History, once said "When I sculpt marble, I have no idea in my mind. The form of the stone shall be sculpted into has already been set. All my hands do is bring that form out from within the stone." Michelangelo said that he did not think about the ultimate form of the stone as he sculpted. Fate had already embedded it within the stone. He was an artist who could see Fate as he sculpted. That form of Bucciarati was not sculpted by me, and it was not sculpted by your bullets either. That is its fated form... that statue was bleeding from a hole in its chest, wasn't it? I don't know whether it will take a few days or a few months... but that is how Bucciarati will die in the near future. We are all slaves of Fate. That is the meaning of my ability, Rolling Stones.
Scolippi: (about the fate awaiting Bucciarati’s group) Perhaps their perils will serve some great purpose and bring hope to someone. I cannot pray for their safety, but I will pray that they are sleeping slaves...Sleeping slaves who will find meaning once they awaken.
Giorno: (To Polnareff about the Arrow) "When those who left us place their wills in our hands, it is our sacred duty to carry it forth. It remains, that's my choice.
Romeo: (After Jolyne tells she cant' give him her alcoholic drink) It's fine.
Jolyne: Hey ‘No’ means ‘No’, so no. [Sees a figure on the road] ROMEO! [The car hits the guy] Romeo, did we-Romeo! This isn't good. [Steps out and sees the dead man.]

Jolyne: (Narration) It was raining. On that day, the rain didn't let up.

Ermes: (After Jolyne tells her embarrassing story) Tell me, which guard was it?

Ermes: Damn, for real? Where are your panties?

Ermes: Yeah, sure. We'll see about that.

Ermes: SHUT YOUR MOUTH, YOU LOUSY SKANK!

Jolyne: (To another inmate who made fun of her) You've got a pro's finger.
Ermes: (After seeing Jolyne’s deduction skills) Part Japanese? You’re one interesting chica. How'd you end up here? So, what are you in for?
Jolyne: I’m innocent…

Jolyne: [To her lawyer] Don't call me JoJo! Only my mother calls me that.

Jolyne: What the hell, dad! What madness did you bring me?

Jolyne: Fifteen years! Fifteen years of my life, gone like that!

Jolyne: (Seeing her crooked layer) YOU....YOU ASSHOLE!

Loccobarocco: I am the warden of Green Dolphin Street State Prison, Locobaroco. [Takes out a hand puppet] And this lovely crocodile here is Charlotte, my assistant.
Charlotte: Great to meet you!
Loccobarocco: Charlotte, please explain how life is in this institution.
Charlotte: Okay! Similar to the United States, this prison is based on the concept of freedom and equality. You may freely walk around the facility and exercise as you please. You may use the phones, the shower, and the library as well. If you are an exemplary inmate, you may even own a TV. You could also work or study and earn university credits.
Loccobarocco: That's right. Yes! What is it, Charlotte?
'Charlotte: But Warden, there are rules too, right?
Loccobarocco: You're absolutely correct, Charlotte! First, do not remove the wristband with your inmate number. No lending or borrowing of items between inmates. No possession of metal objects.
Jolyne: How about earrings?
Charlotte': The warden's still speaking! Shut up!
Loccobarocco: Earrings are prohibited, FE40536, Jolyne Cujoh. Feel free to ask any questions to the prison guards. You are now dismissed.

Gwess: Nice to meet you.
Jolyne: Nice to meet you, too. I'm Jolyne.
Gwess: I'm Gwess.  Want some?
Jolyne:  Thanks. But I don't have an appetite. There's so much to get used to-- [Tries to get on the lower bunk, only to get knocked down] Ouch! What the hell--
Gwess: I know you're new, but the bottom bunk is mine! You have a problem with that, whore?

Jolyne: Okay, I'll buy it off of you. How much do you want?
Gwess:  Two hundred bucks.
Jolyne: WHAT THE HELL!?

Gwess: [Sing-song] Jolyne...Jolyne...Jolyne...JOLYNE! [Normal voice] Jolyne, I'm starting to like you more and more.

Gwess: (After getting Jolyne to put on a hollowed-out rat): Even though I said you can't speak, you can still say it in a cutesy way. Like "I wanna walk", "I'm hungry", and "Good night". Yeah? Okay?

Gwess: Everything has a name. The Word was with God, and all things were created by the Word. How about Goo Goo Dolls? Yes, that will be the name of my mental ability.

Gwess:  (When Jolyne asked about how much money to pay for her pendant) That will be two hundred bucks.
Jolyne: SHUT THE F*CK UP, BITCH! Tell me who sold it to you!
Gwess: Some woman named Ermes sold it to me.
Jolyne: Ermes?

Gwess:You break my heart and NOW YOU'RE GOING TO DIE!
Jolyne: (After her Stand punches Gwess) Good, freaking grief Gwess. Shut up and listen. You said everything has a name, didn’t you? Then I’ll name my ability too. It’ll be Stone Free. 'Cuz somehow, I’m gonna free myself from this sea of stone. Did you hear me? STONE FREE, THAT'S THE NAME! (Stone Free proceeds to pummel Gwess) ORA-ORA-ORA-ORA-ORA! If there's a hierarchy system in this prison, I'll follow it. But I'm the one who gives the orders. Now shrink me down and get me the hell out of this hallway.
Johngalli: Meteorologists say the wind's movements are unpredictable. They have a point, but it’s not impossible.

Jotaro Kujo: I've always... cherished you.
Thunder McQueen: I feel like dying. (hangs himself)
Ermes: What the Hell!?

Ermes: Whenever someone says "This Monday was a bad day," they'll say to themselves that "Saturday will be better." That's how we continue to live! No one lives a life of only Mondays!
Thunder McQueen: I was arrested on a Saturday.
Ermes: ...
F.F.: This place is so fun! So much better than the swamp.
F.F.: We should do what they're doing.

F.F.: [Seeing an inmate with their cup] HEY YOU FUGLY HO!

[Foo Fighters, Ermes, and Jolyne are playing catch.]
F.F.: I'm gonna throw it!
Jolyne: Good grief. You've never actually thrown a ball before, have you?
Ermes: HAH! Easy to tell, too! You probably only know what a ball is from that chica’s memories!

Jolyne: What is your game?
Miraschon: My name is Miraschon, FE26789 is my prisoner number. I'm saying you're at 87 throws, right? Your little game of catch, I'm willing to bet that it won't last 100 throws..
Miraschon: Just trying to kill time.

[After Ermes loses her bet with Miraschon.]
Marilyn Manson: [After ripping our Ermes's concealed dollars] This is still not enough... [After rips out her liver] If you sell this liver I'm holding to the black market, it will cover the rest...of the 590 dollars that you owe! This is what you, Ermes, have just contemplated. I found out where to find the money you owe me from your thought, so that I can obtain it. (Notices Jolyne and F.F about to attack) Ermes here has just broken the rules that you established, and therefore has lost the bet. No one can attack me... Ermes has acknowledged in her heart that she is in debt. I am just here to collect that debt. This is my ability.
Jolyne: (affected by Land Ranger’s Stand) I... I don't know why this happened so suddenly, but, uh, You know it could happen to anyone! Even the pope probably doesn't have control over this!
Weather Report: What are you talking about?
Jolyne:: You know, There's that thing, "number 1" and "number 2", has to do with bowel movements, the one that starts with a p!! I might do it in my pants! I'm really glad it's not "number 2", but it's still a natural urge! It must have something to do with zero-gravity. If we don't solve this, it's gonna be bad, in a different sense!

Lang Ranger : (to Jolyne while destroying her cloud suit) I'm gonna carve an epitaph on the flesh of your corpse, with shards of glass reeking of piss!
Pucci:: (calming himself down while keeping poison dart frogs fro touching his skin) 23, 28... no, it's 29... Dammit! The filthy frogs are clinging to my 800 dollar pants!
Jolyne Kujo: (giving advice to FF) "Don't cut me, Bitch!"

F.F.: What's the opposite of coffee? Something's that's not coffee...
Jolyne Kujo: (beat) ..Tea?
F.F.: Right! Tea! Atroe's body says it wants to drink coffee, so I'm gonna ask for tea.v

Lunch Lady: The opposite of pork is salmon. A pig lives lazily, but a salmon opposes the river's current and conquers it!
F.F.: (With a wide grin on her face) I like it!

F.F.: (To Ermes after an invisible gator zombie chomps off their leg) That bastard... Ate half of my leg like it was some afternoon snack. I wonder if it's still... inside its stomach? You bet your ass it's my enemy, too!

Ermes: Listen to me, Jolyne. There's tons of people who'll say, "Getting revenge won't bring your sister back." as if they understand what I'm trying to do. And others who would tell me, "Forgiveness is important." I don't care! There's no way I'd force myself to forget that my own blood relative was thrown into a sewer and just go on about my life. This is all I've been preparing for! Revenge is waiting, so I can decide my own destiny and finally satisfy it!

Ermes: (To Sports Maxx) What, are you going to try to run again? You can't do that anymore. Because I just put a sticker on your ugly head and split that thing in two! If I peel this, you'll merge back into one! This next one is for Gloria, too. [Ermes peels her sticker off sending Sports Maxx to the direction of the other head leading to Kiss punching him back] Oh yeah, and the one after that as well! [Sports Max travels back to the other head only for Kiss to punch him away again] Not to mention the next one after that! And so on; forever! They're all of my Gloria! [Kiss punches him reapeatedly] This one! And this one! And this one! And this one! And this one-and this one-and this one-and this one-and this one-and this one-and this one! All for Gloria! [Kiss uppercuts Sports Maxx to the air and Ermes throws the other head into his face as the final blow.]
Jolyne Kujo: (to Kenzo while making gestures at him) American style. French style. Japanese style. Italian Naples style. All around the world there’s a finger that says 'F*ck You'.

Dragon's Dream: (To F.F.) Above your left ear. Right now, this spot is the ultimate red warning sign... Also, your lucky color is yellow and a picture of gold fish will bring you luck... Not that you have one at hand, but...

Kenzo: Look, Dragon's Dream! It's because you talked too much that they understand now!
Dragon's Dream': Shut up, old man! I'm not your lackey! Shouldn't everyone know about Feng Shui?!

Pucci [After using Whitesnake's ability to place a normal CD in Guccio's head, turning the deadman into a stereo to play Messiah.] Wonderful! Give due praise to this deep emotion!
F.F.: Look at me, Jolyne. This is my spirit. This is my intellect. I was alive.
Jolyne: I'm going to get your disc back from the priest! Your Foo Fighters disc! Then you can come back!
F.F.: But that will probably be another Foo Fighters. It probably won't be me. This is me. This is me saying goodbye.
Anasui: Look at this, Weather. What a crappy guidebook! None of the characters are on it! I want to see Disney characters goddammit! Where the f*ck is Mickey?
Jolyne: I'm inside a hole at the hospital! Ermes is on a commercial plane that crashed years ago! I'm on a fighter jet! We're about to crash! Search for ways to help us!
Emporio: ...What?
[While Jolyne and Ermes are attempting to escape the snail-infested hospital.]
Jolyne: [After Ermes gives Jolyne a factoid that snails have no gender] An organism that can have sex with anything it encounters... I'm kinda jealous. I mean... No, no! It's just gross!

Weather Report: I see... Guess it could be useful for fixing joint and back pains... becoming a snail, that is. But if you don't want it to happen to you, Anasui... You shouldn't touch those snails... or the rainbows, either.
Anasui: Is this your fault, Weather?! What the fuck are you doing?!

[Pucci begins to emerge from under a large pile of snails.]
Pucci: I already know all about it. This phenomenon, turning anything, man or beast, into snails... As long as I know the reason for it...
Anasui: Huh?
Pucci: I have nothing to fear!!
[Pucci stands up, his Stand, Whitesnake, emerging with him.]
Pucci: When I took your memory from you, back in 1988... I managed to find out the way I can overcome this phenomenon!
Weather Report: B... Bastard!
Anasui: N...No way...! He was hiding under that mass of snails! You! Pucci!!!
[Anasui moves to attack Pucci, who holds his hand up with the sun shining behind him. The snails begin to move, launching themselves off of the car towards Anasui.]
Anasui: (What?! The snails... From the car window?!)
[Anasui uses his Stand, Diver Down, to try and deflect the onslaught of snails.]
Pucci: So, you touched it. Then, it's all over for you. You should have stayed out of my business... And away from Jolyne Cujoh. You could have peacefully waited for your sentence to end... Well, I suppose I could leave you... All of you will eventually die as snails, anyway. Besides me and Weather, of course...

Pucci: Subliminal effects are all in the mind. But, humans can age faster just by willing themselves to do so... And give themselves ulcers just by being stressed. Once the heart is impacted by this effect, it doesn't matter how hard one struggles to block it out of his mind. You would understand... You're a Stand user, after all. If I were to start filming what's going on right now... The people of this town would only see themselves as snails, rolling in the filth that they created, thinking that that is the truth. This phenomenon will continue as long as Weather is alive... and besides, Weather, you would have eventually noticed that I had taken my own ability to see. That's why I took the time to explain this ability to you.

Anasui: (Forced to serve a Pucci's seeing-eye dog to walk out of the field of frozen blood spears, unable to lie to Pucci) This is something I just realized. But I sought, so I'll tell you. One more spear still remains. I was only looking at the ground, so I didn't notice before. There's some blood on your shoulder. And right about now, Weather's hardening it into another spear. [The spike pierces through Pucci's throat] Oops, it's too late.
Pucci: You planned these dirty tricks!
Anasui: Like hell any of this is dirty! Weather's just stronger than you!

Anasui: Listen, Jolyne. People have called me a murderer. The papers called me that, and I can't say I disagree with them. When people asked me if I would sacrifice myself for the sake of my family, I answered 'no'. I'd probably answer that way, even now. My heart was never moved by them. But I know that I'd be willing to risk my life for something that was able to revive me. I used to be dead. Weather was that way, too. Weather came back to life when he left that prison. I can tell. So don't think too deeply about what happened to him. These past few days, Weather was happy. Weather was already saved.
Pucci: Our Lord Jesus Christ was fated to be put on the cross. Our holy mother Mary was fated to lose her son. In order for humans to attain 'happiness', they have to overcome 'destiny'... And for Dio and I, the thing we must overcome is the Joestar bloodline!

Jotaro: Did he dodge the spear...?! But how..?
Jolyne: He's not just trying to get away... It can't be... Did he find out something that we shouldn't have let him know find out...?! The way to complete his ability...
Pucci: You were the ones who have been pushing me. Ever since you were in prison, you have been aiding me. Our Father, who art in Heaven, guide me... Watch over me. so I may not walk the wrong path... I will give myself to your will. I can feel it!
[A shining light begins to emanate from Pucci and his Stand.]
Pucci: I can sense the position! When Jotaro threw the spear, I felt it... his actions directed me the right way! The ones who were pushing me to 'Heaven' were the Joestars!
[While fleeing from Pucci.]
Anasui: Over here, Mr. Jotaro. Get up on the roof... Also... I'm determined to protect your daughter, with my life. We're already involved in something we can't back out of... But I'm going to make sure that we come out of this alive... So please, give me permission to marry your daughter.
[Anasui and Jotaro now perch on the roof of one of the Kennedy Space Center's buildings. Emporio, Hermes, and Jolyne are behind them, facing away from the duo.]
Jotaro: You... what did you just say?
Anasui: What I mean, Mr. Jotaro, is that... I want your permission, here and now. To marry your daughter...
Jotaro: You...
Anasui: I know this isn't the time, but... All you have to do is give me permission. If you say 'yes'... those words could save me. I... You know, I didn't expect to just immediately be able to marry Jolyne... It's true that I'm a murderer, I don't deny it, and I also know.. that Jolyne won't fall in love with me just like that. But... Jolyne's strong will and pure heart, that she inherited from you, her father, is the light that shines on the darkness of my heart, which could collapse at any moment!
[Anasui brings his face close to Jotaro's.]
Anasui: She's what I need, right now...! You don't have to say much... just that you'll let me. I want you to let me reveal my heart! I need you to let me marry her once we get out of here alive!
Jotaro: I don't understand what you're talking about. Are you insane? Babbling, in this situation...
Anasui: ............

Pucci: [While chasing after Jolyne and Emporio] JOESTAAAAAAAARRR!!
Pucci: (To Emporio) In this world, the Jolyne Cujoh you knew exists no longer. Neither do Jotaro, Anasui, nor Ermes. Not even their souls survived total annihilation. And that is because the dead cannot return. All of those who perished in the accelerated time have been erased forever.

Pucci: In the name of God, I will destroy you! Your actions here today, Emporio... All they have accomplished is solidifying the fact that your screams will become the trumpets of hell! Even if you insert someone else's disc into that mindless head of yours, Weather's ability is what it is because of his own talent! Do not arrogantly assume that you can just wield that kind of power so easily!
[The clock on the wall begins to speed up, ticking so fast that the arrows begin to blur. The flowers next to it rapidly wilt, the dried and decaying petals falling onto Emporio's mortified face.]
Pucci: And besides! To stop you, I've accelerated time once more! In front of my honorable ambitions, Emporio...
[Made In Heaven begins to attack Emporio with a flurry of punches.]
Pucci: You shall come to realize your own insignificance as you wither and fade away! What is going on here? I can't stand! Something is wrong! What is this madness?! IT'S WEATHER REPORT!
Emporio: One day, I read it in a book that the deadliest poison within proximity of any organism is the air they breathe. Every organism on this planet needs oxygen to survive. But the concentration level of oxygen can't be above 40%. 100% pure oxygen is extremely toxic, and any life form exposed to it will perish. Highly concentrated levels of oxygen can corrode iron in a matter of seconds and even make fire explode. It can also absorb electrons of the human body, slowly destroying the cell tissues one after another. If you breathe too much of it, your hands and feet will start to go numb, and you won't be able to stand. Plus the tiny veins in your eyes will snap, and you'll go blind. You can go ahead and accelerate time all you want. Weather Report is a Stand that can control the weather. I already used it to accumulate a massive amount of pure oxygen into this room. And now, you'll slowly lose consciousness as 100% oxygen seeps deeper and deeper into your tissues.
Pucci: No, I refuse to let a brat like you beat me!
Emporio: I'm not the one in control here. This is Weather Report's hidden ability. You're the one who stole Weather's memory, and the one who awakened him again when you regained his power to project killer snails. Father Pucci, it was all because of you. Gravity still affects you too. You are unable to defeat your destiny!
Pucci: No, you have to end this, Emporio! You can still stop Weather! Do not let him do this... After I finally obtained the ability I worked so hard for, God wished it to be so! It was an ability that God chose for me to possess! A new history of humanity will be born, and the future of mankind will be saved! We haven't even reached the point in time yet, where time acceleration started in Cape Canaveral. Made in Heaven has yet to be completed. As long as it's after Cape Canaveral, I will gladly sacrifice my life. But if I die now, it will mean that everything I've done thus far would have been utterly meaningless! The fate of all of humanity will be changed forever! If I die, people won't be able to see their future as it happens before them, which means they won't be able to face their fate! Don't you remember?! Accepting their fate is how they'll be truly happy! It was my mission to bring about true happiness, I cannot die here!
Emporio: Don't you understand? Fate won, and you are the loser!
Pucci: You insignificant little---!!!!!!!
Emporio: I didn't do this alone. Jolyne knew I'd make it here, and this is what she would've wanted me to do. Weather, too. And F.F., Ermes, Anasui, and even Mr. Jotaro. We had no idea what the future held, but we all had resolutions. The one who couldn't accept their own fate was you, Pucci! Your fate is walking down the path of justice! You're done for!
Pucci: NO, I'M NOT!!!!!! YOU'RE THE ONE WHO DOESN'T UNDERSTAND ANYTHING!!!!! GO TO HELL, YOU INSIGNIFICANT LITTLE BRAT!!!!!!!!!!!
[Weather Report begins to attack Pucci with a flurry of punches, killing him for good.]

[In the remade universe, after a woman and man resembling Jolyne and Anasui come across a stranded Emporio, who remains from the original universe.]
Irene: You doin' okay there, little boy? Can you tell me your name? Come on, I said to get in. And I don't expect you to pay us either.
[Emporio notices the birthmark on Irene's shoulder, and realizes that she's this universe's version of Jolyne.]
Irene: And I don't expect you to pay us either. You're shaking like a tree. Are you cold? Here.
[Irene wraps her sweater around Emporio's shoulders. Emporio tears up, and begins to cry.]
Emporio: It's Emporio...
Irene: Hm?
Emporio: Emporio. That's what you can call me... If you wanted to know, my name is Emporio.
Irene: Hey, look. There's a hitchhiker.
Annakiss: I'm not picking up another straggler. Two is more than enough.
Irene: You're the one that said there's a storm coming. Come on. Stop the car for the poor guy.
Mountain Tim: What's this fury I'm feeling all of a sudden? So such a thing was present during the race... Don't worry, feel at ease... I can't possibly win the race now. In this race, I have many friends who are also participating. But up until now, I've never seen anything like this before... such a killing method! However, I have heard a legend about similar deaths... There's an old Indian legend that tells about a spot where a shooting star fell somewhere in the Arizona desert. There lies tainted soil. It is said that anything that touches the spot, will suddenly be able to pull out a mysterious power from its own. At the same time, though, evil spirits will call out a curse upon them. None of the natives of the land will dare step foot there. One day, a white man looking for emerald ore stepped into the spot and started to walk home. It is said that afterwards, he began to kill others in a similar fashion. And afterwards, as if possibly realizing his own sinfulness, he shot himself.
Gyro: Have you ever seen an opera show? An opera...
Johnny: Opera? Those music plays? Where they start singing out situations when they could just say their lines? ...Nope, never seen one. Why do you ask?
Gyro: Just a simple question.
[Gyro holds up his pair of binoculars.]
Gyro: They call these opera glasses because you use them for watching an opera. But the people singing on stage have huge bodies that weigh like 120 or 150 kilograms or more.
Johnny: Yeah... that's why they can sing like that I guess.
Gyro: But why look at them with opera glasses? You don't need to, cause they're already so big.
[Johnny grins, and soon Gyro follows suit. Gyro holds up the binoculars, looking out over the desert through them.]
Gyro: Maybe you're supposed to zoom into the buttons on their fancy clothes, and watch them as they're about to fly off...?
Johnny: Now that you mention it... but dude! Since they all have the same body type, maybe you can't tell the difference unless you zoom in?!
Gyro: Nyohohahohahaha!! Not bad, Johnny!!
Diego: There's a small villiage up ahead... let's stay there. Camping out is a bad idea. There are beasts out in this area. The other day after sundown, I got surrounded by beasts. A few cougars and a few rattlesnakes. The cougars and snakes were on two sides of the road, blocking my way out. I was thinking of how to escape... but then, for some reason, I was able to pass through on one side of the road. I was able to get by one of the two groups easily. Which side do you think it was? The cougars? Or the snakes?
Gyro and Johnny: ........
Diego: The answer is the rattle snakes! Because they were... assssssssssleep... and sssssssssnoring on the road!
Gyro: Huh?
Johnny: ...........................
Diego: Hey, come on, it's a joke! Only a joke! What did you think? Then maybe they woke up and started ssssssssssslapping each other.... in their facessssssss! Get it?
Johnny: .....

[While Johnny and Gyro are first being attacked by Diego in dinosaur form.]
Gyro: He's getting up! My steel balls won't hit him! We gotta run! Hurry and get outside, Johnny!
[Gyro slams the door shut, but Diego's claws fit through the space between the door and the wall. Gyro and Johnny slam it back shut.]
Johnny: What is this!? This Stand ability!! What kind of ability is it?
Gyro: It's a dinosaur, Johnny! It looks like Dio's body has fused with a dinosaur's ability!
Johnny: Dino-sore? What's a dinosore?
Gyro: You don't know?

[After absorbing one of the Corpse's eyes, a half-transformed Diego looks back at Johnny and Gyro. A mechanical-looking figure that slightly resembles one of Gyro's steel balls can be seen in the distance for a few panels.]
Johnny: What's going on!? What does that mean!? Dio's dinosaur transformation hasn't gone away! Dio was under the control of Ferdinand!! We have to chase him or he'll take away that eye!
Gyro: Stop, Johnny... It's over now, calm down. We can't chase him here. Dio got us at the very end... or maybe we should say he got the eye and its power brought back the dinosaur transformation that had disappeared as his talent. Half to my steel ball... half to Dio's Stand ability is what it seems.
Johnny: The ability of the dinosaur... Dio Brando may not have been a terrorist... but if he has one of the eyes, he'll want the other! At this point he's found out about the Corpse...... I can't believe he took half... He doesn't just desire victory! He longs for authority and eliteness!

[After a suspenseful battle of Johnny, Gyro, and Diego racing neck to neck, Johnny crosses the goal line first, followed by Diego and then Gyro.]
Announcer: At this point, the 4th stage has already begun! Johnny Joestar is the one who conquered the deadheat battle just now, but an hour ago, Hot Pants had already passed through the finish line to take 1st place!
[The stage's scoreboard is shown, with Hot Pants' name at the time. Hot Pants had indeed finished an hour before the others, placing Hot Pants in first.]
Gyro: What the...?
Hot Pants: I've lost nearly an hour here. No matter which path I take, I come back to this spot! The plums grown here in this orchard contain a lot of iron... That could be the reason why my compass doesn't seem to be pointing in the right direction.
Johnny: Hot Pants, don't come any closer! We're thinking that you could be tricking us!!
Hot Pants: This is the fourth time I've come back here. Look at my tracks!! They pass through four times, don't they? Why...? I'm the one who wants to know.
Gyro: So what's that to us!? Get lost already!! We're never ever gonna trust you anyways, got that!?
Hot Pants: Then I'll be the one to trust in you. You two aren't bad people. If you were, I'd have already killed you... how's that?

Gyro: Tell him to go eat shit, Johnny.
Johnny: Tell him yourself.
Gyro: EAT SHIT, ASSHOLE! FALL OFF YOUR HORSE!
Hot Pants: Aren't we looking for the same path?

Funny Valentine: If the first one takes the napkin to their right, then there's no choice but for the others to also take the right napkin. The same goes for the left. Everyone else will have to take the napkin to their left, because they have no other option. This is society. Who are the ones who determine the price of land first? There must have been someone who determined the value of money, first. The size of the rails on a train track? The magnitude of electricity? Laws and regulations? Who was the first to determine those things? Did we all do it, because this is a republic? Or was it arbitrary? NO! The one who took the napkin first determined all of these things!
Funny Valentine: My heart and actions are utterly unclouded! They are all those of justice.
[During the fight between Josuke and Daiya Higashikata. Josuke had hidden Daiya's phone in the refrigerator before telling her about it.]
Daiya: ...That's it. You've really done it now... You got Yasuho involved in this... the one thing you shouldn't have done...
[Daiya raises up two chess pieces containing Josuke's memories, prepared to smash them.]
Daiya: DISAPPEAR!
Josuke: No, wait. You're stepping.
[Daiya pauses.]
Josuke: My shadow... you're stepping on my shadow, aren't you? The refrigerator's been open for a while now...
Rohan: (Voice over) There exist powers with form and shape, but cannot be seen. They are called "Stands". They have always existed everywhere--Those who cannot see them are simply not trying to.
Rohan: Why did she rip up my drawings that day? Who knows what would have happened if, ten years earlier, she hadn't destroyed my drawings. Nizaemon's rancor would have certainly killed me! I'd have ended up cut into pieces in the depths of the Louvre, succumbing to the memory of desire once felt for her. A desire impossible to forget, like every first love.
Josuke: I told you to rethink your stupid ideas, but your ideas aren't really the problem. You're just an idiot.

Okuyasu: Josuke Higashikata, you better get ready to talk to the HAND!
Jotaro: Star Platinum! I'll smash you in! You pissed me off.
DIO: The World! Stop, time! Time to finish this! It's a steamroller! I'll smash you flat!
Jolyne: How many throws? 1000 throws!
Ermes: Your foe is right here!

Joseph: Damn meased to pleet ya!

Okuyasu: I'll take anything you got! Unless it's the clap.
Caesar: To pretend to have the Zeppeli name… I won’t forgive you!
Zeppeli (victory): I feel like I practiced with a son or a close friend...

DIO vs. Jonathan: A chance meeting that transcends time I suppose…. JOJOOOO…!

Dio Brando vs. Jonathan: The sun has set...and with it, your life!

DIO: I suppose it could be interesting to test my stand on my past self…
Dio Brando: A 'Stand' you say... Interesting... let's test it out!
Dio Brando (victory): Stand, huh… I was a little surprised but after actually fighting it, it’s no problem at all!
DIO (victory): Vampiric Freeze... a nostalgic move...

Joseph: I've never, Kars! Never have I hated someone from the bottom of my heart!
Kars: You scum... Don't be so enraged...

Joseph, vs. Lisa Lisa (victory): Why did it have to come to this? You're tearing me APART, Lisa Lisa!

Joseph: Here, over here! I don't want you to not notice me standing riiight here~
Wamuu: Stop. A human's life is short anyways. Don't rush to your death.

Kakyoin (1): My name is Noriaki Kakyoin.
Kakyoin (2): No need to say it twice.

Jonathan: If only I could hit that strange hair with my Hamon.
Will A. Zeppeli: Such eerie hair. What might be hiding away in it?!
Dio Brando: What vulgar hair.
Joseph: HUH? What's that big thing on your head?
Caesar: Stop walking around with such huge clown hair!
Lisa Lisa: That hairstyle is the worst...
Wamuu: What disgusting hair.
Esidisi: I'll burn that stupid hair up!
Kars: A hairstyle fit for a peasant.
Jotaro: We can talk about your stupid hair later.
Old Joseph: What's up with all that awful-looking hair?! Your parents will be sad!
Kakyoin: My hair is more refined than yours.
Polnareff: I'll cut your hair into something more proper.
Avdol: That stupid hair of yours will surely burn well.
Hol Horse: I can lend you a hat if you wanna cover that disaster up!
DIO: Your hair's like a pile of cow dung by the side of the road.
Josuke: Your hair's not that GREAT.
Okuyasu: Isn't your hairstyle kinda out of fashion?
Koichi: I think Josuke's hairstyle is a bit out of fashion...
Giorno: My hair is more elegant than yours.
Bruno: What a dreary hairstyle.
Narancia: That hair’s awful! I can’t go along with it!
Diavolo: What vulgar hair.
Jolyne: I've seen drag queens with better hair!
Ermes: You pompadour-styled pig!
Johnny (sarcastic): That hairstyle's good. Really great. Super cool.
Gyro: What a strange head. Makes me wanna stomp all over it!
Funny Valentine: The first thing I'm going to do in office is outlaw that ridiculous hairstyle!


Joseph: (to Jonathan) Next you’ll say: “Wh-What was that for?! How dare you!”
Jonathan: Wh-what was that for?! How dare you! (gasps)

Joseph (1): (to himself) Next you’ll say: “I’m going to wipe that smirk right off your face!”
Joseph (2): I’m going to wipe that smirk right off your face! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Jotaro) Next you’ll say: “I will judge you myself!”
Jotaro: I will judge you myself! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Josuke 4) Next you'll say: "If you don't move, I'm going to seriously distort your face..."
Josuke (Part 4): If you don't move, I'm going to seriously distort your face... (gasps)

Joseph: (to Giorno) Next you'll say: "My resolve will open the way!"
Giorno: My resolve will open the way! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Jolyne) Next you'll say: "Good grief..."
Jolyne: Good grief... (gasps)

Joseph: (to Johnny) Next you'll say: "I don't feel like dismounting at all."
Johnny: I don't feel like dismounting at all. (gasps)

Joseph: (to Will Zeppeli) Next you'll say: "Hey, bambino!"
Will Zeppeli: Hey, bambino! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Caesar) Next you'll say: "It's a cold-hearted and merciless Caesar that's going to take you down!"
Joseph: It's a cold-hearted and merciless Caesar that's going to take you down! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Old Joseph) Next you'll say: "I, Joseph Joestar, will you have you know that I have much more fighting experience than you do."
Old Joseph: I, Joseph Joestar, will you have you know that I have much more fighting experience than you do. (gasps)

Joseph: (to Kakyoin) Next you'll say: "Now, it's time for your punishment, baby."
Kakyoin: Now, it's time for your punishment, baby. (gasps)

Joseph: (to Okuyasu) Next you'll say: "I'll put an end to ya!"
Joseph: I'll put an end to ya! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Buccellati) Next you'll say: "Just try it!"
Buccellati: Just try it! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Ermes) Next you'll say: "Your opponent is meeeee!"
Ermes: Your opponent is meeeee! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Gyro) Next you'll say: "Nyoho~"
Gyro: Nyoho~ (gasps)

Joseph: (to Dio) Next you'll say: "I, Dio, will kill you!"
Dio: I, Dio, will kill you! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Wamuu) Next you'll say: "Wamuu!"
Wamuu: Wamuu! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Lisa Lisa) Next you'll say: "I'm in a bad mood right now."
Lisa Lisa: I'm in a bad mood right now. (gasps)

Joseph: (to Polnareff) Next you'll say: "I'll throw you into the depths of despair!"
Polnareff: I'll throw you into the depths of despair! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Mista) Next you'll say: "Uno, due! Die, cazzone! I expect an honest answer!"
Mista: Uno, due! Die, cazzone! I expect an honest answer! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Pucci) Next you'll say: "In the name of God, I will smite you!"
Pucci: In the name of God, I will smite you! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Funny Valentine) Next you'll say: "Dojyaaan~!"
Funny Valentine: Dojyaaan~! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Kars) Next you'll say: "Just wait! I'll kill you right now!"
Kars: Just wait! I'll kill you right now! Huh?

Joseph: (to Avdol) Next you'll say: "Tch, tch! Yes I am!, Tch, tch!"
Avdol: Tch, tch! Yes I am!, Tch, tch! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Koichi) Next you'll say: "You've made me go through such a thing! It's too late. That's why I'm telling you I hate you."
Koichi: You've made me go through such a thing! It's too late. That's why I'm telling you I hate you. Huh?

Joseph: (to Akira) Next you'll say: "I'm warning you in advance that I'll be able to blow off your arm with just one pinky."
Akira: I'm warning you in advance that I'll be able to blow off your arm with just one pinky. Huh?

Joseph: (to Narancia) Next you'll say: "Bastard! You better be ready!"
Narancia: Bastard! You better be ready! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Josuke 8) Next you'll say: "Don't underestimate me."
Josuke (Part 8): Don't underestimate me. (gasps)

Joseph: (to Kira) Next you'll say: "I'm going to eliminate you."
Kira: I'm going to eliminate you. (gasps)

Joseph: (to DIO) Next you'll say: "WRRRYYYYYYYYYY!"
DIO: WRRRYYYYYYYYYY! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Hol Horse) Next you'll say: "I couldn't help but laugh, heehee."
Hol Horse: I couldn't help but laugh, heehee. (gasps)

Joseph: (to Rohan) Next you'll say: "How stupid can you be?! Do you think that I, Rohan Kishibe, drop together money and admiration?!"
Rohan: How stupid can you be?! Do you think that I, Rohan Kishibe, drop together money and admiration?! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Kosaku) Next you'll say: "It took a while! Luck is finally on Yoshikage Kira's side!"
Kosaku: It took a while! Luck is finally on Yoshikage Kira's side! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Diavolo) Next you'll say: "Consequences! My time obliterating powers all action futile!"
Diavolo: Consequences! My time obliterating powers all action futile! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Shigekiyo) Next you'll say: "I can go on and on but you will never understand!"
Shigekiyo: I can go on and on but you will never understand! Huh?!

Joseph: (to Esidisi) Next you'll say: "Oh, you went pale. Did I hit the mark? Was I anywhere close to the bullseye?!"
Esidisi: Oh, you went pale. Did I hit the mark? Was I anywhere close to the bullseye?! (gasps)

Joseph: (to Iggy) Next you'll say: "(chewing sounds)"
Iggy: (chewing sounds)
Narrator: Iggy groaned...

Joseph: (to Baoh) Next you'll say: "Barubarubarubarubarubarubarubaru!"
Baoh: Barubarubarubarubarubarubarubaru!
Narrator: Baoh is surprised...

DIOOOO!!!!

How my heart resonates! I'm pulsing with heat and life! My very blood is a symphony within me! SUNLIGHT YELLOW OVERDRIVE!!

Hey Bambino!!

Signor Joestar

It's USELESS! USELESS! USELESS! UUUSSSEELLLESSS!!!

WRYYYYYY!

Behold, THE WORLD!

Once more, THE WORLD!

THE WORLD! GRIND TO A HALT!

MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA!!!

ZA WARUDO!

Next you're gonna say...

Show me happy. Show me silly. Now how about you show those pearly whites? (Happy urepii- yoropiku ne!)

Run for your lives!!!!!! (Nigerundayo!!!)

OH MY GOD! / OH NO!!! / HOLY SHIT!!

[These are spoken in English, even in the original Japanese releases.]

OH NO! The two phrases I hate the most are "hard work" and "work hard!"

ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA!!!

Yare yare daze...

SHUT THE HELL UP! YOU'RE ANNOYING!

"lick lick lick lick lick lick" / ("Rero rero rero rero rero rero")

"No one can just deflect my Emerald Splash!"

You tried to out-predict me, a fortune teller? But it’s 10 years too early for you. (victory quote)

Yes, you had better believe I am!!

DORARARARARARARA!!!

Let me punch this "spaghetti" and reduce it to its original parts!

Gureato desu yo, koitsu wa (loosely translates to "Ain't this guy great?")

Since you've gotten a clean bill of health from Crazy Diamond, when I pound your ass into the ground, I can avoid looking like a coward, right?!

I feel you! I feel you deeply! Your feeling I can feel deeply.

You've made me go through such a thing! It's too late. That's why I'm telling you I hate you.

Act Three, Three Freeze!

Ok master, let's kill da hoe, BEEETCH!

Sorry, but I refuse!

What a Beautiful Duwang! Chew. There must be no other place as pretty as this town. This feels like a picnic.

MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA!

I, Giorno Giovanna, have a dream!

"Wryyyyy!"

ARI ARI ARI ARI ARI ARI!

Arrivederci!

VOLA VOLA VOLA VOLA VOLA VOLA!

King Crimson!

Yare yare daze

ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA!!!

The kind of evil that doesn't realize that it's evil... is the worst kind there is...

DOJYAAA~N!